This paper, introduced by Mohan and others, discusses the problem of identification in the presence of various constructed methods for data missingness. Some existing results have been improved, and some beautiful examples have been given (e.g., identification of causal effects even when conditional distribution is not available).

Quality
The technical quality is probably high, the results seem very complex but correct. Results like Theorem 3 are clear and explainable. Some results are incremental improvements over existing results, and (as far as I can see) do not contribute to a larger picture of what is actually happening here.

Section 3 seems to be inconsistent with the rest of the paper and its main result (Theorem 1) is quite difficult to understand. It seems closely related to Richardson (2009)'s Markov-Comblaut result. Later the quality improves, section 5 gives some beautiful clear answers and section 6 gives some interesting results about causal exploration.

---
Clarity
This is the main weakness of this paper. Firstly, a conference paper probably has too much material (although some of its importance is unclear), which is evidenced by the density of the text and the 13-page technical appendix. The article does not flow clearly and is consequently difficult to follow - perhaps it would have worked better as a longer, more considered, journal paper.

Although it is not easy to find good notation for so much, the notation can certainly be improved. Using the same large 'V' to represent so many different things makes it difficult for the reader, and in some places the subscripts become unintelligible. Moreover, the fact that VI is a vertex but VO is a set of vertices is particularly confusing. The set equation of Theorem 1 is probably the most extreme example of poor presentation.

---
Basic topics and significance
Sections 5 and 6 are clear and interesting, and probably quite important. This paper deals with an important problem and contains results that seem really interesting and useful.

Perhaps what is happening in the general case should be looked back at and a complete criterion for identification in this framework (should be tried to pass) (as was achieved in the case of finding causal effects without missingness). Walking through these series of papers and finding specific results is difficult for a statistician to imagine showing the identification of causal effects of interest (in), especially if that result is as complex as Theorem 1.

Theorem 2 and 1 seem to be a form of inverse probability weights. The reason these results work is probably related to the conditioning sets for R(i) becoming Markov-Comblaut in the mixed graphs used by the author. Richardson (2003) and (2009) may be relevant.

---
Other comments
Page 4, line 214: The R-part is a partition of R, not a "set" containing the partition. The condition on line 214 would then be that Rx and Ro are "belonging to the distinct elements of the partition".
The language is sometimes a little informal: e.g., 'often'.
Use \leftrightarrow instead of <--> on page 4 line 214.
Is Garcia (2013) really wrong, or just a different framework?
A notation is used for the graph constructed by intersecting edges in Definition 4 and Theorem 4, but is not defined anywhere.
VO and VM are used in sentences before they are defined (clearly unnecessary).

---
References
Richardson, T.S., Markov Properties for Acyclic Directed Mixed Graphs, SJSS 30(1) 145-157, 2003
Richardson, T.S., A Factorization Criterion for Acyclic Directed Mixed Graphs, UAI 25, 2009.
Important Problems and Useful Methods, although marred by poor presentation and notation.