The authors have extended the moment matching network to a conditional version. Unlike those models, where an example can be updated and where the extension is very minor (feeding the conditional to the network), here it is non-minor. This is because we need to match the distribution of a large number of samples (mini-batches) with a large number of inputs, but these distributions are no longer the same (unless the same conditional is used for a specific update, which is ineffective). The main problem with this paper is that they start with complex mathematics instead of providing insight into the underlying formula (eq (2)), and they do not highlight what calculations were made during this algorithm and what its effectiveness is. The authors have extended the moment matching network to a conditional version. Unlike those models, where an example can be updated and where the extension is very minor (feeding the conditional to the network), here it is non-minor. This is because we need to match the distribution of a large number of samples (mini-batches) with a large number of inputs, but these distributions are no longer the same (unless the same conditional is used for a specific update, which is ineffective). The main problem with this paper is that they do not provide a detailed explanation of the optimized formula (eq (2)) in the end, how efficient it is, what assumptions are made to make it effective, so that the reader can see the actual calculations. Similarly, they do not explain the insight behind it, but rather start with formal mathematics. The non-conditional version of the algorithm can be explained without complex mathematics (such as reproducing the kernel Hilbert space) - the formula that has been minimized is intuitive. It would be good to come up with an equally good intuitive explanation for the conditional case. It would be good to answer the following questions: - How would you intuitively create the formula (2)? - What are the steps from formula (2) to the practical algorithm? Some of this is in the supplement but is difficult to follow.