This paper proposes a loss function for directed generative models with conditional variables. This method is an extension of the Generative Moment Matching Network, which uses an unconditional loss function based on the maximum average difference criterion. This method leverages work on conditional kernel mean embedding to create the loss function, and the results have been demonstrated on various generative tasks, including classification, handwriting digit and face recognition, and knowledge extraction in Bayesian models. This is the second time I am reviewing this paper. The problems that reviewers had last time were minor: why the authors used a low-dimensional space and whether it could be scaled to a higher-dimensional latent space, the suitability of this model compared to others, and other miscellaneous clarification issues. Looking at the text, it seems these have been directly answered. In the case of Remark 1, I don't understand how to map from equation (2) to weighted MMD form. What dot notation are you using here? Is it matrix multiplication or a Hadamard product? I would like to see this part in a little more detail so that the mapping becomes clearer. Also, the choice of C seems a bit unfortunate to me because you are using C to define the conditional embedding. Theorems 1 and 2 refer to other papers, but there is no mention of Theorem 3. A paper should be referenced for a proof, or a proof must be provided. The experimental results are reasonably good. Previous reviews mentioned that using this model for supervised learning is probably not a very good application, but the authors said that to highlight the versatility of the model, which is fine with me. The distilled Bayesian estimation application is interesting, but it is only used with one model on one dataset, so it is not clear whether it will be effective in other cases. I think this method will gain the most traction in pure generative modeling. In this case, the tests are comparable to the original GMM paper. The datasets used involve numbers and faces, which I think is enough to demonstrate that the concept works. In terms of whether others will adopt this method, there must be compelling results in more difficult datasets, such as CIFAR-10 or LSUN.