This paper presents a Conditional Generative Moment Matching Network (CGMMN), which is an extension of the GMMN for conditional generation/prediction applications. The key to the proposed method is the kernel embedding of the conditional distribution and the conditional MMD metric, which measures the difference between the conditional distributions. The proposed CGMMN classification, conditional generation, and distillation have been tested on Bayesian models. A simple method for extending the GMMN for conditional setting is to assume a GMMN for each conditional distribution and share the parameters with all these conditional distributions using the same neural network. The problem with this method is that there are very few examples of each conditional distribution, and in the case of continuous domains for conditioning variables, each conditional distribution may have only one example, which creates a data sparsity problem. The proposed method considers all conditional distributions as a family and attempts to match the model directly with the conditional embedding operator instead of matching each individual conditional distribution. The advantages of the proposed method are clear, but in some cases, I still see the simple method as a reasonable task, for example, in conditional generation where the conditioning variable takes one of 10 values like MNIST. It would be interesting to compare with such a simple method. It is good to see that there is a nice formulation of conditional MMD and can be easily computed in almost the same way as the unconditional MMD mentioned in Remark 1. All the K matrices in equation 2 are independent of the model parameters, and the backpropagation can be done as before. A concern about the proposed method is that the CMMD probably requires large minibatches, otherwise the minibatch's stochasticity may dominate the error, while large minibatches make the objective computation expensive, especially the matrix inverse computation can be quite expensive. Overall, I think CMMD provides a nice way to model conditional distributions. The results of the tests on classification and distillation of Bayesian models are also interesting. The presentation of sections 2.3 and 3.1 was not easy to follow. I had to dive into the referenced papers to learn more about what was actually happening. Here are a few minor problems: (1) Line 77 mentions that the MMD estimator is not biased, which is not true. (2) In line 90, the conditional embedding operator was not consistent with the operator given in reference [29]. It seems we need a different definition of the cross-covariance operator to get the form used in this paper.