This paper presents a new method for blind source separation. It formulates the problem as Additive Factorial HMM (AFHMM) and then applies Signal Aggregate Constraints (SAC). The underlying objective is that additional domain knowledge can be incorporated to separate the time series into components. The example used in this paper is energy disaggregation, where if information related to the total (expected) usage of each appliance is included, the components of household energy usage (related to individual appliances) can be better separated. The objective function to be maximized for separation (which is the log of the posterior distribution of the hidden chains given the observed data) is transformed into a convex optimization problem. The effectiveness of this method has been demonstrated in both a toy data set and real data obtained from household energy output readings.

The paper is technically robust and has a strong simulation section. As expected, this method performs better than regular AFMM and AFAMAP (a recently developed alternative method) – neither of which includes SAC. Improvements using a t-test were significantly shown. The authors also showed that the optimization speed is comparable to AFAMAP. My only question in the results section is why the authors used so little noise variance in their toy example – could this be to clarify the illustration in Figure 2 that they can separate signals very well and other methods cannot? Some clarification would be good here, otherwise the problem seems "extra" toys and rather simple. Or are these signal-to-noise ratios common in real data? In this context, the authors could also comment on the signal/noise ratio between the mains reading and the aggregate appliance output in energy application.

The theoretical aspects of the paper are presented and structured well overall. This paper would probably benefit if the final method of equation (6) were proven to be truly convex, as it is not very clear to me through the given arguments. Also, the theoretical scaling argument (relative to data length and number of hidden states) would benefit the paper and complement the simulation results. If these methods are used for larger data sets and state spaces, will they be easier and how will they differ from AFAMAP?

The paper is well-written and structured. The problem is nicely motivated in the introduction, there is a clear description of the relevant literature, although I am not very familiar with this problem, so I cannot say for sure that nothing has been omitted here. I am pointing out a small (possible) error on page 4 (line 202), in the unnumbered equation before (6), where I think there should not be a comma in the subscript before object p, consistent with the notation before page 3 (if a new notation has not been introduced here?).

To my knowledge, the work is new and original, although I am not an expert, so I cannot comment on the significance of these results for the HMM community and the energy application being studied.

Appendix: The authors have answered my questions satisfactorily in the response section and I encourage them to make similar clarifications in the next edition of their paper. This paper proposes a method for blind source separation using Additive Factorial HMM with Signal Aggregate Constraints. This method performs very well compared to state-of-the-art methods, especially in the case of real data obtained from energy disaggregation problems.