--------Added after authors' rebuttal--------
|Rk| <= kappa |Xk - X_{k+1}| The proof "Scalable Nonconvex Inexact Proximal Splitting" is clearly established in Suvruta Sra's NIPS'12.
(Lemma 4)
--------Conclusion--------
For trace norm regularization risk minimization, a popular method is the proximal gradient algorithm. The sublinear global convergence rate of this algorithm is well understood, while it is also known that the rate is linear if the loss is additionally strongly convex. This paper relaxes the strong convexity hypothesis by following the framework established by Luo and Tseng. Specifically, the authors proved a local error bound that allows them to show that the proximal gradient asymptotically converges linearly on trace norm regularization. This paper more or less follows the general pattern for proving local error bounds, with a new observation that allows matrices to be diagonally banded together.
Quality:
This paper appears to be technically sound. The only difference I found in my mind was in the appendix, line 085. Please explain why the inequality R(X^k) <= kappa3 |X^k - X^{k+1}|_F, is claimed by such an alternative to kappa3 (assuming alpha < 1).
Clarity:
I could have followed the paper without any difficulty. However, due to the technical nature, it might be a good idea to put the main claims first and then go into the details one by one. Specifically, after stating the local error bound, the authors might want to postpone the very technical proof of the local error bound, but immediately turn to proving the linear rate (which is probably not very new anyway).
Originality:
The originality of this paper is moderate. The observation that allows the authors to diagonally band matrices together seems new and interesting; furthermore, the authors more or less follow the existing approach for establishing the local error bound. The rest of the steps are not new.
Significance:
The significance of this paper lies mainly in the theory, although it has very little impact on algorithm design. While increasing the linear convergence rate of the proximal gradient algorithm to more practical scenarios (i.e., a relaxed form of strong convexity) is certainly very good, the asymptotic nature of the proof (and the claims) diminishes its importance. The way the authors handle the diagonalization of matrices may be of some independent interest. This work proved that the proximal gradient algorithm, when applied to trace norm regularization risk minimization, asymptotically converges linearly (under a relaxed form of strong convexity). The authors mostly follow a well-established framework established by Luo and Tseng, with a new observation that allows them to diagonally band matrices (together), so the (more or less) vector case is reduced. Overall, this work is incremental and moderately interesting in the theoretical aspect.