This paper is concerned with cross-lingual direct transfer of NER models using a recent cross-lingual wikification model. In general, the key idea isn’t highly innovative or creative, as it doesn’t propose any core new technology. The contribution is largely incremental, combining two research areas: (1) direct transfer for downstream NLP tasks (such as NER, parsing, or POS tagging), and (2) recent developments in cross-lingual wikification. However, I generally liked the paper, as it presents a coherent and clear story with sufficient experiments and empirical evidence to support its claims, yielding convincing results. I do have several comments regarding the presentation of the work.

Related work: A more detailed description of how this paper relates to the work of Kazama and Torisawa (2007) is needed. It is also necessary to clearly state the differences between this work and other related NER systems that, in one way or another, rely on encyclopedic Wikipedia knowledge. The differences are mentioned in the text, but they should be further emphasized to facilitate reading and contextualization of the work.

Although the authors justify their decision to exclude POS tags as features, it would be interesting to report experiments including POS tag features, similar to Täckström et al. This would provide readers with an overview, supported by empirical evidence, regarding the usefulness (or lack thereof) of such features for different languages (i.e., for languages for which universal POS tags are available). 

Section 3.3 could benefit from a running example, as the description of the modified Tsai and Roth model isn’t entirely clear. 

Since the authors mention several times that the approaches of Täckström et al. (2012) and Nothman et al. (2012) are orthogonal to theirs and could be combined with their proposed approach, it would be beneficial to report some preliminary results on a selection of languages using this combination of models. This would enrich the discussion. Along the same lines, although I acknowledge this is an orthogonal approach, why not compare with a strong projection baseline to further contextualize the results and demonstrate the usefulness (or limitations) of wikification-based approaches?

Why is Dutch the best training language for Spanish, and Spanish the best language for Yoruba? Is this merely a statistical coincidence, or is something more interesting happening? A paragraph or two discussing these results in more depth would be quite interesting.

Although the idea is sound, the results in Table 4 aren’t particularly convincing, showing only small improvements (and not in all scenarios). Reporting a statistical significance test for the results in Table 4 could help support the claims.

Minor comments:
- Sect. 2.1: Projection can also be performed via methods that don’t require parallel data, making such models more widely applicable (even for languages without parallel resources). For example, see the work of Peirsman and Pado (NAACL 2009) or Vulic and Moens (EMNLP 2013), which exploit bilingual semantic spaces instead of direct alignment links for transfer.
- Several typos were detected in the text, so the paper would benefit significantly from careful proofreading (e.g., first sentence of Section 3: “as a the base model”; this sentence is ungrammatical; Page 3: “They avoid the traditional pipeline of NER then EL by…”; “to disambiguate every n-grams” on Page 8).



