This paper presents the first comprehensive coverage semantic parser for UCCA, a distinct approach to graph-based semantic representation. Unlike CoNLL semantic dependency graphs, UCCA graphs can have "non-terminal" nodes that do not represent words in a string. Unlike AMR, UCCA graphs are "grounded," which, according to the authors, means that text tokens appear as nodes in the semantic representation. The authors have presented several parsing methods, including a transition-based parser that directly constructs and evaluates UCCA पार्स.

Given the existence of UCCA and UCCA-annotated data, it seems reasonable to develop a semantic parser for UCCA. However, the introduction and background sections seemed wrong to me, as they seem to argue that UCCA is the only graph-based semantic representation (SR) formalism worth studying. This doesn't work for me, and also seems unnecessary – a good UCCA parser could be a good contribution in itself.

I don't fully agree with the three criteria for semantic representation formalism outlined by the authors in the introduction. For example, it's not clear to me that "non-terminal nodes" provide any expressive capability. Of course, it may be inconvenient to determine which word is the head of a coordinated structure, but what information can only be represented with a non-terminal and not, for example, with more informative edge labels?

Furthermore, the question of imbalance doesn't even arise in SRs that are not "grounded." The advantages of "grounded" representations over AMR-style representations were not clear to me. I also feel that the term "grounded" has been used for sufficiently different concepts in semantics over the past ten years, and the authors would be encouraged to find a different concept ("anchored"? "lexicalized").

Thus, I feel that the entire introductory part of the paper should be expressed and argued more carefully.

The parser itself seems fine, although I didn't check the details. However, I didn't find the evaluation results very impressive. On the "primary" edges, even a direct MaltParser performs better than the BSP parser presented here, and on the "remote" edges, the f-scores (which dependency-tree parsers like Malt cannot directly calculate) are also not very high. Moreover, the study of converting dependency graphs into dependency trees has been largely done under the name "tree approximations" in the context of shared work on semantic dependency parsing in CoNLL 2014 and 2015 (although without "non-terminal" nodes). Several authors have proposed methods for reconstructing edges removed in graph-to-tree conversion; for example, Agic et al. (2015), "Semantic dependency graph parsing using tree approximations" discusses in detail the issues involved in this reconstruction. By including such methods, it is possible that the f-score of MaltParser (and the LSTM-based MaltParser!) could be further improved, and the strength of the BSP parser becomes even less clear to me.