The authors have presented a new core reference task specifically designed for Wikipedia. This task identifies the core reference chain that uniquely links to Wikipedia articles. The authors have annotated 30 documents with all core reference chains, approximately 25% of which are related to the "main concept" of the article. They then describe some simple bases and a basic classifier that transcends these. Furthermore, they have integrated their classifier into the Stanford (rule-based) core reference system and found it significantly more convenient than all of Wikipedia's other more sophisticated systems.

I believe this paper provides an interesting twist on core reference that is better understood from a data extraction perspective, potentially revitalizing and stimulating core reference research, and may fill an interesting gap between core reference literature and entity linkage literature.

I am sometimes not satisfied with papers that create a new task that poorly implements standard systems and then propose a change to make their systems better. However, in this case, the original task itself is quite inspiring to me, and instead of the authors looking for a new domain to run things, it really "here, wait, these standard systems work poorly in a setting that is actually quite important."

Task: Main Concept Resolution is an intriguing task from an IE perspective. I can often imagine that the documents primarily revolve around a specific entity (biographical documents, dossiers, or briefings about a person or event, clinical records, etc.) and that the information we want to extract is specific to that entity. The standard core reference task has always had a problem with too many references that may seem quite irrelevant to most IE problems (such as generic references), and this task undoubtedly consists of references that are actually important.

From a methodological perspective, the "main concept" idea provides a basis for discussing core reference that is useful, but it seems that there is still enough overhead to improve beyond the bases, especially in the case of non-pronouninal references. This creates a more attractive opportunity for using direct knowledge references on Wikipedia, which the authors have illustrated here.

So I think this domain is likely to be an interesting playground for ideas that will improve core reference overall, but stronger improvements from it will be more difficult to find in the general setting and will be insignificant compared to the work of dealing with other aspects of the problem.

Furthermore, unlike past work that has created a part of core reference (such as the Winograd Schema Work), this paper has a major impact on the overall core reference metrics of a domain (Wikipedia) that many in the ACL community are quite interested in.

Technique: Overall, the techniques are not the strong point of this paper, although they seem effective. The features seem quite understandable, but it seems that additional additions to them could help (and it is not clear whether the authors have experimented with this). The authors should have stated at the beginning of their work that their primary MC resolution system is a binary classifier; this was not clearly stated early enough and the model was left unspecified in the feature description.

Small details:
Organization: I would probably present the dataset immediately after "related work" (i.e., it would have to be turned into a new category 3) so that the actual results could be given in the "base," which would further encourage the "view."

When section 4 mentions DCoref and Scoref, you need to cite Stanford papers or make it clear that it is the Stanford core reference system (many may not be familiar with the name DCoref/Scoref).

The use of the term "candidate list" was ambiguous, especially in the following section:
"We use the article hyperlink structure to enrich the list of references rich in shallow semantic features. For each link found within the article in question, we look at the candidate list for all references matched with the string on the link page."

Please clarify that "candidate list" is the set of references to the article that are potential candidates for being coreficient with MC. I think most readers will understand that this module is about importing semantic information from Wikipedia's link structure (e.g., if a reference is hyperlinked to an article about a woman on Freebase, that reference is a woman), so try to keep the terminology clear.

Section 6.1 says "We consider the union of all references predicted by the WCR reference and (Raghunathan et al, 2010)." However, does section 4.1 mean these are the same? I don't understand where the additional WCR references will be extracted from.