In pair-based average models, with strong interaction, Gibbs sampling is aimed at improving the sampling rate, which is known as "slow-mixing." Several projections have been proposed in "fast-mixing" models; essentially, parameters are identified that are as close as possible to the original model, but weak enough to satisfy a spectral boundary for fast mixing. In some cases, experiments show that this leads to better edge estimates for a given computation time, which is better than the original model's variance method (average case and confidence propagation type).

The technical content is based on previous results on establishing fast-mixing conditions [4,8]. However, the idea of projecting near a fast-mixing model as an approximate estimation method has not been seen before.

In the "toy small average model" domain, the results provide some nice improvements compared to good baselines (standard sampling and contemporary variance methods). My main concern should be more than the usual doubt about whether these results will extend to larger models. The experiments compare the sampling time of different models and it is difficult to judge how they will extend with the problem size. Also, creating a fast-mixing model requires a (apparently) computationally expensive projection step, the cost of which is not calculated. Finally, it is not at all clear whether generalization outside the binary condition will be possible, because it is more difficult to establish a generally convergent limit.

Transparency:
In general, the presentation is clear and reasonably accessible considering the technical content. However, some restructuring and clarification are needed in some places:
* The paper mentions "standard results" several times and even mentions it in the form of a theorem (e.g., theorem 6) without any reference or proof sketch. Lemma 5 has been left unproven, the reference is proven for a special case of the zero-field.
* Discuss the properties of the dependency matrix R. For example, it does not seem to be available due to maximization, please tell me if it applies in that case. (I assume that is why lemma 5 is used.)
* It is almost impossible to follow the second half of section 4. Before their introduction, the text g, M and lambda refers to theorem 7. Then some notation has been included in the statement of theorem 4 which is not really explained. If this optimization is discussed, more explanation is needed. (Perhaps less time can be spent re-referencing the results from [8] which are not really used.)
* In section 1, KL(q||p) has been used for both sides of the KL divergence when the notation has to be shifted to one. In the first paragraph, q has been used for the true distribution and p for the available approximate value; this is contrary to almost all related literature.

Experiments:
It is seen that the time comparison in figure 2 does not include the computation required for the projection. A somewhat vague statement related to this is shown in section 6.1, but it is vague; please clarify and show the results with the projection time if it is. Since the proposed methods can mainly use the output of an improved variance optimization, the improvement is less reliable than standard Gibbs.

It was disappointing not to see experiments in larger models, because Gibbs mixing often depends on the size of the problem. In such situations, there must be an alternative to running tests where the junction tree is difficult, such as using a model where symmetries allow the true edges to be computed, or accepting the output of very long sampling runs as true.

I understand that KL(\theta||\psi) is generally difficult, but it would be interesting to explore a possible "best-case" scenario of how sampling of an approximate model would work here. (Junction trees can be used for submitted toy models.)

The average case is a degraded case of the inverse KL projection, as mentioned in the paper, yet there is a big difference between the average case error and the error from the inverse KL projection. This deserves discussion.

The idea of projecting near fast-mixing models to slow-mixing models is a nice idea, and recent work on mixing limits has been used in a refined way. However, there are some concerns about experimental comparisons and the limited range of models to which this method is potentially applicable.