The authors have proposed a method to improve the mixing rate of a Gibbs sampling model in an icing model, projecting the main parameterization of the model into a new parameter setting that meets the necessary convergence criteria for rapid mixing. They framed the projection as a constrained optimization problem, requiring constraints to ensure that the new parameters are defined in the same space as the original parameters, and tested this projection under several distance/divergence measures.

In my opinion, methods that combine the principles of stochastic and deterministic assumptions are under-explored, and consequently, I believe it is an interesting idea. While the idea of increasing the original parameters to improve mixing is simple, I found the description of the dual of the projection problem to be somewhat unclear – for example, how the * zij*dij = 0 constraint ensures that the new parameterization is in the same space (couldn't it be in a smaller space?). I was also uncertain about the overall approach – do you complete the projected gradient operations and then run a Gibbs sampler, or do you somehow combine sampling with gradient updates? An algorithm description would help clarify the box. Also, is the proposed projected gradient descent technique guaranteed to be convergent?

I also found the testing to be somewhat unreliable. In the first set of tests, why was the Gibbs sampler run for 30K iterations? Since you are comparing a sampling method to a deterministic method, a comparison based on time would seem more fair. Also, where are the error bars in these charts – the reader cannot tell whether these results are significant. The second set of results compares the original/non-experienced Gibbs sampler with the Gibbs sampler under different projections and shows that the projection leads to faster mixing. However, the projection operation takes time to perform, and this is not accounted for in this comparison (for example, if the projection takes 1 minute and the non-experienced Gibbs sampler can produce 10k samples in that time, the projection may not be worth it). Finally, why was there no comparison with the blocked Gibbs sampler or Gogget's "lifted Gibbs sampler"?

Overall, a very nice idea. However, the projection problem and the proposed method could use a little work, and a stronger set of tests is needed to convince me of the method's usefulness.