The success of using Gibbs sampling in MRF (here, with only two labels, i.e., the Ising model) depends strongly on the mixing rate of the underlying Monte Carlo Markov chain. The following method is proposed for estimation in this paper:

1) Project the input model (which is probably not rapidly mixed) onto a set of rapidly mixed models.
2) Estimate the rapidly mixed resulting model.

The position of the rapidly mixed model is defined by limiting the spectral value of the absolute value of the power of the Ising edge. The "projection" is defined by the divergence of the Gibbs distribution. It is bound to preserve the graph structure. The projection in Euclidean distance doubles the initial work and is obtained using LBFGS-B. For other divergences (KL, piecewise KL, and inverse KL divergences are applied), the projected gradient algorithm is used. In inverse KL divergence, Gibbs sampling must be performed to calculate the projection (but on the rapidly mixed model).

Extensive tests are presented on small random models comparing the projected edges with the actual edges. The tested methods are the proposed method (with all the divergences above) and Gibbs sampling on Lupi BP, TRW, MF, and the original model. Not only accuracy, but also runtime-bound-accuracy is evaluated. The tests show that the proposed methods consistently outperform TRW, MF, and LBP in terms of accuracy and also perform Gibbs sampling on the original model for reasonable runtime. Among the proposed methods, the inverse KL divergence method consistently performs the best.

Comments:
The projected gradient algorithm has two nested loops of section 5.1, the inner loop being LBFGS-B. Please provide details on when the internal iteration was stopped.

The meaning of the horizontal axis in the plots (and complement) of Figure 2 is not clear. It is titled "Sample Number" but sampling is only used for inverse KL divergence. I think the horizontal axis should be the algorithm's runtime. Similarly, the runtime of LBP, TRW, and MF should also be reported. This will ensure fair accuracy-runtime comparison of all tested algorithms. Please clarify this issue – it is difficult to interpret the tests without it. Give the absolute running time in seconds. Please consider experimental comparisons with larger models. An interesting alternative is to use the models in this paper [Boris Flach: A class of random fields in complete graphs with tractable partition functions, shown in TPAMI, available online] which allows polynomial estimation.

222: Use "On the Tree" instead of "On the Graph"
226: Shouldn't we call it "Subgradient" instead of "Derivative"? Interesting paper, credible empirical results. Although practical applicability may be limited due to high runtime (this needs to be clarified in the rebuttal).