This paper discusses the computation of high-order statistics based on observation pairs, where the observations themselves are spread across a network of nodes. These U-statistics include many of the most interesting topics, such as sample variance, correlation, and dispersion coefficients, as well as other aggregate measures. The main goal of this paper is to propose a gossip-style decentralized aggregation/averaging algorithm for computing these statistics.

Overall, this paper on gossip algorithms is an excellent contribution, but the authors should better connect with existing methods and concepts.

This is a "heavy" review. I did not have time to verify the accuracy of the material in the appendix.

Comments:

1) The main strategy in the algorithm is that when two nodes exchange their inferred values and average them, they also swap a second state variable representing their initial observations. This means that the initial observations are each following a random path (although connected). It would be helpful if this were more clearly stated in the original manuscript and would encourage the analysis method through multiple copies of the graph.
2) In addition to the references mentioned by the authors, there has been much work on the gossip method for statistical computation. A snapshot of the situation a few years ago is the Proc. IEEE paper by Demakis and others. The current work can be more helpful than the somewhat superficial explanation of the current manuscript in the context of the works mentioned there.
3) It may be worth clarifying what kind of induced distribution is created at the edges through the "node wakes up, communicates with neighbors" process on page 4. The sentence "drawing a random edge of the network" does not specify the distribution.
4) There is also a natural alternative method to this problem, which is to allow more memory at each node and use essentially the same communication process to allow each node to flow its own values across the network. The nodes store the received observations (tagged with the node that initially had it). At each time, the nodes can calculate the U statistic on the subset of data they have. How will this compare with the current method? It may help to show why averaging may be helpful, or what the performance loss may be if memory is limited at each node. Without this comparison, it is not clear whether the 1/t rate is good or bad. The flooding method may be quite good for expanders.
5) The authors should look at the work done on lifting construction to speed up the gossip algorithm, as it seems quite related to the construction of their paper. See for example:
K. Zong, D. Shah, and J. Shin, "Fast Gossip via Lifted Markov Chains," Proc. Allerton Conf. on Comm., Control, and Comp., Urbana-Champaign, IL, September 2007. W. Li and H. Dai, "Location-Aided Fast Distributed Consensus," IEEE Transactions on Information Theory 56(12), 2010. F. Chen, L. Lovaj, and I. Pak, "Markov Chain Lifting to Speed Up Mixing," Proceedings of the thirty-first annual ACM symposium on Theory of computing. ACM, 1999, pp. 275-281.
6) The analysis of the gossip algorithm makes a worst-case assumption on the initial data distribution. That is, all initial data vectors $X$ are guaranteed. This is not clear in the theorem statement or problem statement. What is the assumption on the data distribution and what are the guarantees on the errors as a function of the initial data?

Small points - p1: (S \times T) \cup (T \times S) denotes the graph indicated by the bidirectional definition. - p4: "Let us emphasize that" --> "Let us emphasize" - p4: "Wakes up and communicates" --> "Wakes up and communicates" - p6: "Need to start" --> "Need to start" - p7: "Allows to create" --> "Allows to create"

After the author's response: I think the clarifications and changes proposed by the authors are good. I am increasing my initial score from 7 to 8.

I think they should still look at the lifting construction (especially LADA) more carefully and correct the related work.

Furthermore, baseline comparisons should be included in the tests.

This is a well-presented method for extending the gossip method to calculate more complex statistics in distributed settings such as sensor networks. The mathematical formula and connection to previous work are somewhat unclear. If the authors make a good correction and address the comments raised in this review, I recommend accepting this paper.