Local Secrecy and the Minimax Limit: Sharp Rate for Probabilistic Inference
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

This paper discusses local secrecy – a scenario where each user generates a \alpha-differentially private signal based on their own type and the signals of n-1 other users, and that type is reported to the data curator. This paper analyzes this scenario using the framework of the Minimax expected error – selecting a distribution over the opponent's inputs (n user types) and choosing a \alpha-DP local scheme to minimize the distance between an inference obtained from the original data and a similar inference obtained from the reported signals. (Typically, the sum, aggregate, or average.) The authors then provide a lower bound for the Minimax rate for users taken from a discreet distribution over the l_2 distance inference and the d type. They show that the simple strategy of randomized response satisfies this bound and is therefore optimal. The authors then proceed to analyze the problem of density estimation, where again the lower bound of the Minimax rate is satisfied by a perturbation scheme where each individual only perturbs their own type.

The paper is beautiful and important – it shows that some classic methods can be achieved, since it satisfies certain lower bounds. I think the NIPS community will find it interesting, and so I recommend it for adoption.

However, I have some reservations. Firstly, stylistically, the explanation of the Minimax limit could have been simpler. The paper also contains a lot of complex notation – in particular, since all the given limits apply to the l2 norm, couldn't the limits have been expressed in terms of this norm? Secondly, I would have liked to see a comment about the l1 norm, which is more restrictive, or a comment relating the given limits to the l_1 norm, as well as other lower bounds in differential privacy (which are granted, a more classical, non-local, setting is more applicable). Finally, it seems that the Minimax limit is discussed as being "made" for these local-secrecy settings. I wish the authors had considered more extensive settings and given Minimax lower bounds for them as well. However, I prefer that the local-setting allows users to randomize the type they report based on the remaining n-1 users, but it turns out that the simple scheme of each individual randomization the report based only on their own type is optimal. I wish the authors would clearly mention this in the text.

A new reservation: So far, a list of papers accepted by FOCS 2013 has been published. And so, I now think that the paper is now an extension of an existing paper, especially the results of Section 3. So I still recommend it, but not as strongly as before.

The paper analyzes the framework of local secrecy using the Minimax rate limit, provides lower bounds on the rate, and shows that the upper bound is satisfied by the randomized response. A beautiful result.