This paper proposes two dictionary-based methods for multilingual word embedding estimation, one inspired by ক্লাস্টারিং (MultiCluster) and the other by Canonical Correlation Analysis (MultiCCA).

Additionally, a hypersense similarity measure is proposed that replaces the component relationship with CCA compared to QVEC and improves multilingual evaluation by considering multilingual assessment.

The authors' web portal is used to evaluate a wide range of work; it has been shown that in some cases, the proposed presentation method surpasses the other two baselines.

I think the paper is very well written and presents a significant amount of work. The presentation-learning and evaluation methods presented are certainly timely. I also appreciate the authors for carefully documenting the work.

However, my general feeling about this paper is that it is (probably) too broad rather than in-depth. I would like to see a more thorough discussion of the results (such as conflicting results for multiclusters between the 59- and 12-language setups; the impact of estimation parameters and conclusions on multiclusters/CCA). So, I think the paper has high practical value for me and the research community (improved QVEC measurement, web portal), but I didn't learn much from reading it, that is, in terms of the research questions discussed and answered.

Below are some more specific comments.

It would be reasonable to include the correlation results for monolingual QVEC and QVEC-CCA (Table 1). After all, l.326--328 states that the proposed QVEC-CCA is an improvement over QVEC.

Small details:
l. 304: "Combination of several cross-linguistic word similarity datasets" -> This sounds like they are of different natures, whereas they are actually the same type, just different languages, right?
p. 3: Two equation columns cross the margin
When mentioning the multiclustre baseline on lines 121 and 147, only Coulmance et al and Guo et al are mentioned, but only Luong et al is mentioned in section 2.3. So, what is the relationship between these works?

Although I think the paper has done a reasonable justice in citing related works, there are some more relevant works that could be included:

Multilingual Embedding and Clustering:
Chandar A P, S., Lauly, S., Larochelle, H., Khapra, M. M., Ravindran, B., Raykar, V. C., and Saha, A. (2014). An autoencoder approach to learning bilingual word representations. In NIPS.
Hill, F., Cho, K., Jean, S., Devin, C., and Bengio, Y. (2014). Embedding word similarity with neural machine translation. arXiv preprint arXiv:1412.6448.
Lu, A., Wang, W., Bansal, M., Gimpel, K., & Livescu, K. (2015). Deep multilingual correlation for improved word embeddings. In NAACL.
Faruqui, M., & Dyer, C. (2013). An Information Theoretic Approach to Bilingual Word Clustering. In ACL.

Multilingual training of embedding for better source-language embedding:
Suster, S., Titov, I., and van Noord, G. (2016). Bilingual learning of multi-sense embeddings with discrete autoencoders. In NAACL-HLT.
Guo, J., Che, W., Wang, H., and Liu, T. (2014). Learning sense-specific word embeddings by exploiting bilingual resources. In COLING.

More broadly, the translational context is explored, such as:
Diab, M., & Resnik, P. (2002). An unsupervised method for word sense tagging using parallel corpora. In ACL.