This research paper proposes a new approach for visual servoing learning based on Q-iteration. The main contributions of this paper are as follows:

1.  A bilinear dynamics model for predicting next-frame features based on action and the current frame.
2.  The construction of a servoing with a Q-function that learns the weights for different feature channels.
3.  An excellent method for adapting the Bellman error for Q-function learning.

Pros:

*   This paper does a good job of exploring various methods for predicting next-frame features (y_{t+1}) by combining action (ut) and frame representation (yt). They argue in favor of a locally connected bilinear model that balances computational and expressive capacity.
*   While Section 4 presents good arguments for various options, I prefer to see more experimental results comparing 3 approaches: fully connected, convolutional, and locally connected dynamics.
*   The idea of weighting different channels to capture the importance of objects in different channels seems more effective than considering errors uniformly across all channels. It is also experimentally valid, where unweighted performance is consistently lower.
*   Resolving the Bellman error in Q-learning approaches is a difficult problem. The current paper presents a solid optimization scheme based on the key observation that scaling the Q-function parameter does not affect the chosen best policy. This enables a more sophisticated Q-function approach as opposed to specific optimization schemes that (ct + \gamma minu Q_{t+1}) are fixed.
*   However, I prefer to see the difference between Q-function and similar iterative approaches that keep the second term in equation 5 constant.

Experimental Results:

*   Overall, I find the experimental results unsatisfactory, given the small scale and toy simulations. However, the lack of benchmarks in this domain should be recognized.
*   Furthermore, as mentioned in the pre-review section, the idea of modifying the VGG needs to be experimentally validated. In its current form, it is unclear whether the modified VGG will perform better than the original version.

Overall, the paper's contribution is solid in terms of technical novelty and problem formulation. However, the paper could have used the previously suggested robust experiments to strengthen its claims.