This paper is related to Kernel Matrix Learning used by Deterministic Point Process (DPP). The main contribution of this paper is better objective formulation (this basic method is called KA in the paper) than the traditional method of estimating log probe differences and evaluating gradient accents with kernel parameters. The idea is to reproduce the problem within an EM framework. It works by observing that any DPP can be represented as a mixture of "primary DPPs," where there is a primary DPP for each subset of components. A variable distribution is created over these subsets, and the algorithm periodically changes between updating the distribution over these subsets, which is represented as a k-DPP with a single gradient step in M steps. The results show that when KA starts simply, the EM method gives quite good results compared to the KA method, and in some cases, when KA starts more intelligently, it gives slightly better results.

Overall, I find this method interesting and it seems that the EM method has brought some improvements. The M-step is quite complex, and the precautions required for it to work are somewhat unsatisfactory, but it has something to say for it.

Experimentally, I would have liked to see some more analysis on the impact of initialization on EM. For example, if the EM algorithm starts with the results of KA, will it improve the solution?

I am also confused about using relative log probabilities for reporting. Log probes reflect the ratio of probabilities. Why take the ratio of log probabilities? Why not just the difference of log probes? I have difficulty explaining the meaning of these numbers.

Also a small note (sorry for the annoyance!): I find some writing styles annoying. I would like the authors not to call their own algorithm refined, especially when there may be debate about being refined due to the precautions and approximation of values required in the M-step. I also find it unnecessary to bold the writings in the introduction. Interesting new method for kernel learning in DPP. The experiments could be improved a bit, and the improvements are not much more than the basic gradient accent algorithm, but overall a pretty good paper.