The Determinantal Point Process (DPP) is a distribution over a specific ground set that determines a higher probability for different sets. The Distribution Point Process can be parameterized by a positive semi-definite matrix (L). Since learning L is NP-hard, only partial learning of L has been discussed as prior work. Learning a scalar vector for L compromises the diversity dimension of the Distribution Point Process. Prior work has resorted to limiting the parametric form of L. In this paper, the authors propose a learning method that does not limit the parameterization of L. This learning method does not require projection steps, such as gradient descent, which can compromise similarity features and diversity features. This difficulty can be overcome by using EM on the eigenvalues and eigenvectors. They explore some optimization algorithms to solve this without the need to project the values. Using projected gradient descent requires projections of both the eigenvalues and eigenvectors. Since V is full-rank, they avoid projections of the eigenvectors. The objective function is kept within a lower bound using Jensen's inequality, and an EM method is developed.

This learning method preserves the diversity feature of the Distribution Point Process, unlike other prior work, which only focuses on the quality feature. The step-by-step emergence of the EM method is insightful. Mapping the constraints on the Stiefel manifold to eliminate the projection of the eigenvectors and showing that the inverse distribution is a contribution of a Distribution Point Process is a challenge. They test the learning algorithm in both synthetic datasets and a product recommendation task. The experiments support the claims made on paper – the learning method maintains the quality and diversity of the Distribution Point Process compared to KA. Only two of the top 10 products have been replaced by KA, which are less likely products, yet it highlights the contribution of the paper and supports the claims made at the beginning. The conclusion is somewhat hasty, not bringing forward all the contributions of this paper, but overall the paper is written coherently. The evidence is well-written and the step-by-step reduction of EM is attractive.

The paper is written coherently and the evidence is well-written. The step-by-step reduction of EM is attractive and well-explained. Further testing in real-world datasets may better illustrate the importance of the "diversity" produced by this algorithm compared to other algorithms.