This paper describes four methods for obtaining multilingual word embedding and a modified QVEC metric to evaluate the effectiveness of these embeddings. The embedding methods are as follows:

(1) Multicluster: Words are mapped into multilingual clusters using a dictionary. Then cluster embedding is obtained, which serves as an embedding for the words residing in each cluster.

(2) MultiCCA: The approach presented by Farooqi and Dyer (2014) for embedding bilingual words into multilingual words has been extended by using English embedding as the anchor space. Then bilingual dictionaries (other_language -> English) are used to obtain estimates in the anchor space from other monolingual embeddings for words in other languages.

(3) MultiSkip: The approach presented by Luong et al. (2015b) has been extended by expanding the objective function to include all available parallel corpora components in the multilingual case for embedding using source and target contexts (through alignment).

(4) Translation Invariance: Bilingual alignment uses a low-rank decomposition of the word PMI matrix with an objective of frequency components. This may only work for bilingual embedding. The evaluation method uses CCA to maximize the correlation between word embedding and potentially handcrafted linguistic data. Base vectors are obtained for aligned dimensions that generate a score that is invariant to rotations and linear transformations. The proposed method also extends this for multilingual evaluation.

In general, this paper is well-written and clearly describes the work. Some key points:

(1) What is the new contribution of Gardner et al. regarding the translation invariance embedding approach? If it is an extension of multilingual embedding, a few lines explaining the novelty would help.

(2) Using super-sense annotations in multiple languages is a problem. The number of features in the intersection of multiple languages may actually be small. How do the authors propose to address this problem (beyond footnote 9)?

(3) How much does coverage affect the score in Table 2? For example, for dependency parsing, the coverage number varies significantly with being closer to the score in Multicluster and MultiCCA.

(4) In general, the results in Table 3 do not tell a consistent story. Primarily, for most internal metrics, multilingual embedding techniques do not perform the best. Given that the primary goal of this paper was to create an embedding that performs well under the word translation metric (inter-language), it is disappointing that the method that performs the best (so far) is the invariance approach. It is also strange that the multi-cluster approach, which abandons inter-cluster (word and language) semantic information, performs the best in terms of external metrics.

Other questions for the authors:

(1) What are the performance disadvantages of fixing word embedding in the dependency parsing task? What are the benefits of using these embeddings as an alternative to random embedding in the LSTM stack parser?

(2) Is there any average over the 17 embeddings described in Table 1 section 5.1?

(3) Are there any advantages to using the multi-skip approach instead of learning bilingual embedding and learning estimates in specific locations by doing multi-CCA?

(4) The dictionary extraction approach (through alignment from parallel corpora or from Google Translate) may not reflect the challenges of using a real dictionary. Have you explored the use of a real multilingual dictionary?