This paper proposes two dictionary-based methods for estimating multilingual word embedding, one inspired by clustering (multiclustering) and the other inspired by Canonical Correlation Analysis (Multilingual CCA).

Furthermore, a supersense similarity measure is proposed that improves QCEC by replacing the correlation component of QCEC with CCA, taking multilingual evaluation into account.

Evaluation is performed on a wide range of tasks using a web portal developed by the authors; it has been shown that in some cases, the proposed representation methods perform better than two other baselines (for example, regarding conflicting results between a 59- and 12-language setup for multicast; regarding the impact of estimation parameters and decisions in multicast/CCA). Therefore, while I think this paper has high practical value for me and the research community (better QCEC measures, web portal), I haven't really learned much from reading it, that is, in terms of addressing and answering research questions.

Below are some more concrete comments.

It would also be insightful to include correlation results for monolingual QCEC and QCEC-CCA (Table 1). After all, l.326--328 states that the proposed QCEC-CCA is an improvement over QCEC.

Lఘు (Short):
l. 304: "Combining several cross-lingual word similarity datasets" -> It seems like they are of different natures, even if they are actually of the same type, just different languages, right?
p. 3: Two equation columns are more than the margin
When mentioning the multiscip baseline in lines 121 and 147, only Coulmance et al and Guo et al are mentioned, but only Luong et al is mentioned in section 2.3. So, what is the correspondence between these tasks?

While I think this paper does fair justice in citing related tasks, there are other tasks that are relevant and could be included:
Multilingual Embedding and Clustering:
Chander A P, S., Lauly, S., Laroche, H., Khapra, M. M., Ravindran, B., Raicker, V. C., and Saha, A. (2014). An autoencoder approach to learning bilingual word representation. In NIPS.
Hill, F., Cho, K., Jean, S., Devin, C., and Bengio, Y. (2014). Word similarity embedding with neural machine translation. arXiv preprint arXiv:1412.6448.
Lu, A., Wang, W., Bansal, M., Gimpe, K., and Liviscu, K. (2015). Deep multilingual correlation for better word embedding. In NAACL.
Farooqi, M., and Dyer, C. (2013). An information theoretical approach to bilingual word clustering. In ACL.
Multilingual training of embedding for better source-language embedding:
Suster, S., Titov, I., and Van Noord, G. (2016). Bilingual learning of multi-sense embedding with separate autoencoder. In NAACL-HLT.
Guo, J., Che, W., Wang, H., and Liu, T. (2014). Learning sense-specific word embedding by exploiting bilingual resources. In Colling.

More broadly, the translation context has been explored, for example,
Dyeb, M., and Resnik, P. (2002). An unsupervised method for word sense tagging using parallel corpora. In ACL.