This paper adds selective attention to a convolutional neural network and develops a method for training the gating parameter for attention to optimize the network's classification performance. It addresses a significant group of problems in computer vision – how to optimally reconfigure complex, intensive processing steps when resources are limited and different tasks need to be solved. The classification results are impressive, but it's all very much a black box – it suggests useful directions for further progress but doesn't explain why the method works. The analysis of image representation is not very informative, and it doesn't make sense what the learned parameters (mean and variance of the theta distribution) are doing. Nevertheless, this work is a significant step forward from the current paradigm of large, feed-forward networks with fixed parameters after learning. The presentation is quite clear, although there are typos in some equations (or they need to be explained better).

Key Comments:

I would like to see the authors seriously explore the relationship with dynamic systems. This work seems closer to a recurrent network than reinforcement learning. The reward is seen immediately, and the policy is deterministic, so the training involves a traversal through the space of the recurrent "policy" parameter theta to maximize the objective function seen in the training.

The analysis of the network processing a cat image didn't seem very helpful in understanding how the new features of the model help with identification. Why have all the layer 1 activations increased in the first iteration? Does this affect the objective function, or is the output unchangeable for global scaling? Perhaps focusing on a small area of the image and analyzing the evolution of the gating variable in that area could be instructive. Furthermore, it would be interesting to look at difficult cases – those that were misclassified by standard maxout networks but correctly labeled by the proposed model, or to isolate the effect of the learned model parameters (mean and variance of theta) by further limiting it.

Minor Comments:

Algorithm 1 Description: Where is h_M defined? Is this the step of collecting comments? F[i] and \Theta[i] are inside the loop on images (j), are the image fitness values collected in an array or overwritten on each iteration?

Equation 11: What is the sum over? Is equation 8 for a single image, and should it be indexed by j?

Text after equation 11: What do 'x' and 'd' refer to?

I am not clear why theta regularization is necessary, as theta is already sampled from the previous one and will anyway tend towards smaller values. In fact, the final step of optimization (gradient update on the parameters after sampling and evaluating the fitness of theta) is not well explained (how you calculate the gradient) or theoretically justified (are you adjusting the hyper-parameters of the posterior part on the policies).

Interesting approach to creating deep recurrent networks for identification. High classification accuracy relative to standard methods suggests that the recurrent calculation helps extract or focus on more complex features of images, but the black box approach doesn't explain why it is effective.