This work describes a joint neural approach for reasoning. Several approaches are discussed here, some of which are listed below:

1) Considering the problem as a dependency parsing problem (trying different parsers).
2) Considering the problem as a sequence labeling problem.
3) Multi-task learning (based on the sequence labeling model).
4) An out-of-the-box neural model for entity and relation labeling (LSTM-ER).
5) An ILP-based advanced model.

All methods are evaluated using F1, which is defined based on concepts and relations. Dependency-based solutions do not work very well, while sequence labeling solutions are effective.

The out-of-the-box LSTM-ER model works very well, especially at the paragraph level.

Both sequence labeling and LSTM-ER models work better than the ILP method.

A detailed appendix is provided with all the technical details of the models, including training, hyper-parameter optimization, etc.

It is also shown that sequence labeling models can be greatly improved through multitasking methods (the claim helps more than the task relation task).

This is a thorough exploration of a neural-based approach for end-to-end reasoning.

- Main comments:
- One of my concerns about the dataset is that I think the articles in the training set and test set may be about the same subject, as a result, the authors may use the same or similar reasoning in both articles, which could cause information to leak from the training set to the test set. Consequently, this could give over-optimistic performance estimates. However, I think there is the same problem for ILP models, so your model has no unreasonable advantage. Still, this may be a topic for discussion.
- My other concern is that one of your best models, LSTM-ER, is actually an out-of-the-box application of related work. However, considering the relative success of sequence-based models and all the useful lessons learned from the tests, I think this work deserves to be published.
- Brief comments and questions:
222 - 226 - I think you are arguing that once you get a tree as output, it is possible to reconstruct the complete graph? Still, this part is not entirely clear.
443-444 The hierarchy in this section is sequence labeling -> dependency-based -> MTL. Using sequence labeling, it would have been much easier to follow if the order of the first two was reversed (I forgot what STag_T means when coming here).
455 - What does it mean that it de-couples them but models them jointly (don't they need to be coupled to model them jointly?)
- I saw Miwa and Bansal and I didn't find it.
477 - 479 - It's confusing when you say that your system de-couples relation information from entity information, my best guess is that you mean to say that it learns some tasks as "edges of the tree" and other tasks as "labels of those edges", thus de-coupling them. However, I suggest you clarify this part further. Are F1 scores comparable in paragraph and article settings? Especially for relation tasks. I'm thinking that sequence-based models may default to missing some cross-paragraph relations, because they will never consider them.