This paper studies minimax bounds for probability estimation under the constraint that the estimation must preserve privacy of the individual data. The authors consider a privacy definition called local privacy. They study two probability estimation problems, multinomial estimation and density estimation. In both problems, the authors show sharp minimax rates of convergence. They demonstrate that, for the discrete multinomial estimation problem, local privacy causes a reduction in the effective sample size quadratic in the privacy parameter alpha. Since alpha can often be seen as a small constant, the effective sample size is of the same order as the non-private case. For the density estimation problem, the authors demonstrate that the optimal rate for the non-private setting is no longer attainable if local privacy must be preserved. 

Overall the results are very interesting. As far as I could read, the proofs appear correct. To the best of my knowledge, the minimax bound for density estimation under a privacy constraint has not been considered previously. 

My main comment concerns the multinomial estimation result. The minimax bound is closely related to previous work on the noise complexity for differential privacy, but this connection is not adequately discussed. In particular, Hardt and Talwar [1] and De [2] consider highly relevant problems, studying worst-case lower bounds for the error of linear queries under the constraint of differential privacy. The probability estimation problem considered here is, in fact, a special case of the linear counting query studied in those works. Furthermore, the error metrics used are the same (L2 norm). The primary difference is that this paper considers local privacy, while Hardt & Talwar and De consider global differential privacy. Since local privacy imposes a stronger constraint than global differential privacy, lower bounds for global differential privacy also apply to local privacy. I am interested in whether the bound for local privacy presented in this paper improves upon existing bounds for global differential privacy. 

Regarding the density estimation problem, the presentation of the result is somewhat unclear. The authors state that the lower bound in the local privacy setting is higher than the non-private setting. However, the minimax bound in this paper applies to the specific case where the density can be expanded using a trigonometric basis. It would be helpful to clarify whether the non-private lower bound (eq. 13) holds for the general Sobolev space as defined in Definition 1, or only for the special case of the trigonometric basis. A fair comparison requires the non-private lower bound to also hold for the trigonometric basis. 

Additional comments for the rebuttal:

The feedback partially clarifies the relationship to previous worst-case lower bounds. However, the work of Nikolov, Talwar, and Zhang [3], which also considers Mean Square Error, should also be acknowledged. I suggest the authors expand their discussion and include these missing references in the paper.

This paper proves sharp minimax bounds for pmf and pdf estimation with a privacy guarantee. The results are interesting and the paper is well-written. However, there is a lack of acknowledgment of known results on the noise complexity lower bound for differential privacy, which are highly relevant to this work.

References:
[1] Hardt, M., & Talwar, K. (2010). On the geometry of differential privacy. *Proceedings of the 29th ACM Symposium on Principles of Database Systems*, 265–284.
[2] De, A. (2012). Lower bounds in differential privacy. *Proceedings of the Ninth Theory of Cryptography Conference*.
[3] Nikolov, A., Talwar, K., & Zhang, Y. (2013). The Geometry of Differential Privacy: The Sparse and Approximate Cases. *Proceedings of the 45th Annual ACM Symposium on Theory of Computing*, 705–714.