The paper describes a modification to the output layer of recurrent neural network models which enables learning model parameters from both gold and projected annotations in a low-resource language. The traditional softmax output layer, which defines a distribution over possible labels, is further multiplied by a fully connected layer that models the noise generation process, resulting in another output layer representing the distribution over noisy labels. 

Overall, this is a strong submission. The proposed method is apt, simple, and elegant. The paper reports good results on POS tagging for eight simulated low-resource languages and two truly low-resource languages, making use of a small set of gold annotations and a large set of cross-lingually projected annotations for training. The method is modular enough that researchers working on different NLP problems in low-resource scenarios are likely to find it useful.

The experimental setup is somewhat unusual. While one can imagine circumstances where building a POS tagger with as little as 1000 token annotations is necessary (e.g., evaluations in some research projects), it is relatively rare. A more comprehensive empirical validation of the proposed method would involve plotting the tagging accuracy of the proposed method (and baselines) as the size of gold annotations varies. This plot would address questions such as: Does this method harm performance on a target language when ample gold annotations are available? Approximately how many gold annotations are needed for this method to be beneficial? And does this threshold depend on the target language?

Beyond cross-lingual projections, noisy labels could potentially be obtained from other sources (e.g., crowdsourcing) and might use different tag sets than gold annotations. Although the potential impact of these scenarios is exciting, the paper only demonstrates results with cross-lingual projections using the same tag set. 

It is somewhat surprising that the proposed training objective assigns equal weights to gold versus noisy labels. Given the assumption of a small gold-annotated corpus, it would have been informative to report whether tuning the contribution of the two terms in the objective function improves performance. 

In line 357, the paper describes the projected data as pairs of word tokens (x_t) and their vector representations ỹ, but does not explicitly describe the vector representation’s structure (e.g., a distribution over cross-lingually projected POS tags for this word type). A natural question is whether the approach still works if ỹ is constructed using the projected POS tags at the token level (rather than aggregating all predictions for the same word type). Also, since only one-to-one word alignments are preserved, it is unclear how to construct ỹ for words that are never aligned.

Line 267, replace one of the closing brackets with an opening bracket.



