This research paper proposes expanding the additive factorial HMM model by incorporating additional constraints to ensure that the sum of individual series outputs is close to a reasonable (known) overall value. The authors propose a convex relaxation for MAP estimation and apply the algorithm to a real-world data set that includes energy separation, involving 100 UK homes with low frequency readings and 10 homes with high frequency readings (but without monitoring each device).

The ideas presented here are quite straightforward, and the authors use a relatively simple optimization formulation to solve these problems, but overall, the work is still compelling. The authors are applying these methods to a relatively large real-world data set, and as a paper that combines both applied and algorithmic elements, I think it is a success. In my opinion, the comments below may help improve the paper:

The motivation for implementing a constraint for AFAMAP, that one series step state at a time, is that it could improve the relaxation to obtain integer solutions more frequently. Does the SACAFHMM optimization formulation also work in a similar way, or does it still have a lower error in the resulting solutions despite being a non-integer solution? Some discussion on these points would be very helpful as it would further clarify the differences.

Basically, it seems that the AFAMAP and SACAFHMM ideas are orthogonal: one can easily incorporate SACAFHMM constraints into the optimization formulation for AFAMAP. Although I don't expect a response on this during the author's feedback, I would strongly encourage them to try it out for the final version.

The authors seem to confuse the model and optimization processes a few times. For example, comparing the results of "AFHMM" versus "AFAMAP" is not very accurate: AFAMAP is an algorithm for computing (approximate) MAP solutions for AFHMM, and I believe they actually mean alternative Viterbi optimization. Is this correct? This also reaches the point above, where the strategies of the various algorithms presented here can be easily combined and can actually outperform current approaches. This paper proposes a simple extension and optimization to solve a type of AFHMM, but the results on real-world data are compelling here, and overall, the paper looks reasonable.