The authors propose a general method for evaluating MCMC transition operators based on a recently proposed method known as Bidirectional Monte Carlo (BDMC). The BDMC method sweeps two annealed significance samples (AIS), essentially similar to the sweeps used in the tempered transitions (TT) method [Neil State & Comp 1996], but reinterpreting the accumulated probabilities as a lower and upper bound on the marginal probability. This paper proposes using the difference between these two bounds as a general performance measure for MCMC transition operators. The technical contribution presented is an implementation of BDMC for the Stein and WebPPPL probabilistic programming system and a protocol for evaluating the quality of post-estimation. This paper has some strong points and some not so strong. The main strong point is that using BDMC to assess the convergence of MCMC operators is a very simple idea, and it is easy to implement, which in my opinion means that this work is potentially highly impactful. This is especially true in the context of probabilistic programming systems, which is indeed the use case envisioned here, and I think all such systems should implement this method at the very least. My main concern is with the novelty and depth of the technical contribution. The authors cite an arxiv submission on BDMC as existing work, but (I think wisely) choose to dedicate a relatively large amount of space to reiterate its details. Unfortunately, this does not mean that the main technical contributions presented in sections 3.1 and 3.2 are somewhat hasty, and unfortunately this is also where the quality of writing is slightly diminished. This results in some issues of clarity (see below). Setting aside the clarity issues, the technical contribution in this paper is somewhat modest. Relative to existing work on BDMC, the main novelty appears in the realization that the difference between the lower and upper bound itself provides an upper bound on the Jensen-Shannon deviation. This is indeed a very good observation, although arguably not entirely new. This brings me to a point about the related work. The authors, somewhat curiously, do not cite Redford Neil's work on tempered transitions [Statistics and Computing (1996) 6, 353-366], which is highly relevant in this context. This citation is also missing from the manuscript on BDMC, which makes me wonder if the authors actually know about it. If so, it is unfortunate in the sense that an opportunity to point out the relationships between the two methods has been missed. TT sweeps the same reverse "heating" and forward "annealing" as BDMC, but in the interest of a "tampering" MCMC transition move to improve mixing in multimodal distribution. In TT, the final sample from the reverse sweep is used as the initial sample for the forward sweep, and the final sample from the forward sweep is then used as a proposal that is accepted or rejected according to the proportion of the accumulated significance weights in both sweeps. The acceptance ratio in TT, as far as I can tell, is the exact ratio of the stochastic lower and upper bound. Section 3.3 of Neil's paper actually presents an explanation of this acceptance ratio in terms of two thermodynamic integration estimates that bound the log ZT - log Z1 from above and below, given that a TT sampler will accept with probability 1 when both converge. The analogy with TT also leads me to think about why the authors pay more attention to the choice of βt values. It is well known in TT that very large steps in Δβ = β{t+1}-βt will lead to a poor acceptance ratio, while very small steps ruin the Δβ calculation. The ratio of the stochastic lower and upper bound in BDMC will also depend on Δβ and this provides some very clear intuition. If your two bounds are not close enough, you need to rerun BDMC with smaller Δβ. Similarly, I suspect that the comparison between MCMC transition operators is likely to be unreliable when the difference between the log upper and lower bounds is large >1 nat. When this happens, one should rerun Δβ. It was not entirely clear from reading the paper what the "auto" part of AutoBDMC is, but I think there is an opportunity here to come up with some schedule to constantly reduce Δβ until sufficiently reliable estimation results are obtained. Experiments in this regard could be a little more intensive. It would be good to have a systematic study of how the lower and upper bound varies with the step size. Setting aside these criticisms, I think this is not a bad paper. As mentioned above, I think the method proposed by the authors is potentially quite useful. Depending on the author's response to arguing that the issues with clarity and the discussion of related work can be addressed by the camera ready, I may be willing to argue for acceptance. The definition of clarity - $\vec{v}$ as "all variables sampled in the AIS before the final step" is rather loose. The authors probably mean ${z{1:T-1}, \theta{1:T-1}$, but this is not immediately unclear because there are two AIS sweeps in the algorithm. This is not helped by the use of inconsistent labels like "rev" and "fwd" on one side and "for" and "back" on the other (is this difference significant, or just an accident?) - the authors do not define which estimator \hat{p}(y) they are expecting in equations (5-7) and (9-11), making it difficult to understand how these equations arise. Do the authors want to write E[log \hat{R}{rev}] and [log \hat{R}{fwd}]? - Equation (6), as written, makes no sense (the distributions inside the KL deviation are the same). Based on equations (4) and (10), do I want to read it as something like p(z, θ | y) qback(v | z, θ, y) with the correct wording? - As far as I can tell, the authors never vaguely define what they mean by AutoBDMC. Does this probably mean (a) calculating the difference between the stochastic lower and upper bound to assess convergence and (b) using the fixed hyperparameter scheme described in section 3.2? Experiment - Now it is clear how βt is selected. Looking at the code in the appendix, I see `var step = 1/options.steps`. I assume that AutoBDMC is therefore parameterized by the number of steps T to go from βT = 1 to β1 = 1 / T? It would be helpful to mention this somewhere. In figures 2 and 3, does "HMC / No-U-Turn steps" indicate that BDMC is done with this number of steps? - The abbreviation RAIS, which probably stands for Reverse AIS, is not defined in the caption, nor the variant (u)c(R)AIS, which I guess refers to the (un) collapsed variant? - It would be helpful to increase the size of the axes and tick labels. Typo - DKL words are missing in the expression for two closing brackets D_JS - NUTS citation in: Homan -> Hoffman