This paper presents a method for estimating MCMC convergence – called AutoBDMC. This method calculates stochastic upper and lower bounds for log marginal probability using the recently developed two-directional Monte Carlo method (depending on the annealed significance sample). The authors show that the difference between the upper and lower bounds is itself a limit on the Jensen-Shannon deviation between the distributions of the actual posterior and predicted samples, thus providing a single scalar quantity for estimating MCMC convergence behavior. Since this method can only analyze convergence on synthetic data generated from a combined distribution, the authors provide experimental evidence that its analysis on such synthetic data is a predictor of behavior on real-world data. They also demonstrate the uses of their method for model selection and debugging purposes. Overall, I found this paper quite readable and well-motivated. The presented method seems clearly useful, and the experimental evaluation is quite compelling. I found Section 3 more difficult to understand than the rest of the paper. The transition in 3.1 is particularly jarring, as it starts without motivating them in variable and equation definitions. If the deviation limit in Section 3.1 is a new result (which I think it is), it should be clarified, as the novelty/contribution of the paper depends on it. What exactly is AutoBDMC? This is not explicitly stated anywhere in the paper. In my understanding, it seems that AutoBDMC is an approach to using AIS and rAIS to analyze MCMC convergence. I would expect to see a statement of that effect. While Section 3.2 states that "...this is a challenge for AutoBDMC," AutoBDMC should be clearly defined. Some other nuances: Line 149: Should p(theta, z | y) be p(theta, z, y)? Notation inconsistencies: The paper switches between using y and D to represent data/observations, which I found a bit confusing at times. WebPPL code in the supplement: along with (a) which versions of WebPPL it is known to work with, and (b) how to integrate it into a WebPPL distribution to be used. Or even better, release it as a WebPPL package that can be installed via npm. If possible, a similar release for the Stan version of the code would be highly appreciated.