The authors consider the problem of assessing the reliability of MCMC outputs and comparing the efficiency of MCMC schemes. To do this, they propose using upper and lower stochastic bounds on the log marginal likelihood given by the bidirectional Monte Carlo (BMC) procedure. The idea is to select the scheme that generates the tightest BMC stochastic bounds from among the available MCMC schemes, given the same computational effort. The main challenge is that BMC requires an exact sample from the target measure to generate a valid stochastic upper bound. The authors propose some heuristics to overcome this issue. In the context of Bayesian posterior sampling, their solution involves diagnosing the posterior generated by synthetic data rather than real data, taking advantage of the fact that it is easier to generate good approximate samples for such posters. Finally, the proposed method is tested on some examples. The idea of using stochastic lower bounds given by the bidirectional Monte Carlo to diagnose MCMC convergence is interesting. Even though this method seems specific to AIS and SMC sampler schemes and generates diagnostics based solely on marginal likelihood, it can still be valuable because it is an attempt to have a theoretically sound MCMC diagnostic tool. However, there are various shortcomings in the implementation that, in my opinion, make the proposed diagnostic method not so attractive. Such shortcomings arise from the heuristic method that tries to overcome the fact that the bidirectional Monte Carlo requires an exact sample from the posterior to be valid. I mention three of them:

- First, the authors estimate the value of the hyperparameter, \eta{real}, in advance (for example, from the first run of the MCMC), which represents the entire posterior. This assumes that the algorithms used to find \eta{real} have converged (which is essentially the original problem of interest) and that the posterior can be well summarized with a single value. Both assumptions are strong and generally inappropriate.
- Then they assume that the posterior generated by synthetic data from \eta{real} has the same properties (in terms of MCMC convergence) as the original posterior. This is again an inappropriate assumption that, for example, should be carefully justified in contexts involving model misidentification. It seems that the authors are trying to overcome the difficulty generated by the bidirectional Monte Carlo at the cost of "changing the problem," that is, diagnosing on a different posterior.
- Then they adopt the optimistic view that starting from \eta{real} allows the MCMC algorithm of interest to quickly obtain an almost exact sample from the posterior (which may be the case but does not necessarily happen). Therefore, the proposed method seems to depend on various assumptions that, importantly, are closely related to what we initially wanted to assess (the convergence properties of the original MCMC algorithm). I appreciate the fact that Section 5.1 shows some simple examples where these issues do not affect the conclusions drawn from the proposed method. Still, some simple examples are not convincing enough to claim that the various issues that the authors themselves identify will not be significant in other, perhaps more complex, examples. The authors criticize the previously proposed convergence diagnostic tools because they may fail in multimodal cases or in cases where some summary statistics are not sufficiently expressive (lines 203-205). I think the authors should explain why their method might perform better in such scenarios and provide some evidence. More generally, I think it would be helpful to use simulations to compare their method with commonly used diagnostic methods (for example, described in Section 4) to show scenarios where it generates more reliable diagnostics.