A model for Cross-Lingual Named Entity Recognition (NER) has been described.

The authors used a Conditional Random Field, Maximum Entropy Markov, and Neural Network-based NER method. Furthermore, the authors proposed two methods (probability-based and ranking-based) to combine the outputs of these methods and a method to select the best training examples from cross-lingual comparative corpora. The cross-lingual projection was done using a variation of Mikolov's proposal. In general, the paper is easy to follow, well-structured, and the English language standard is also correct. The results of the combined annotations are interesting.

Detailed comments:
I was wondering what the purpose was behind proposing a variation of the Continuous Bag-of-Word (CBOW) model. You didn't provide much detail on this (or the parameters used). Was the original model (or the Continuous Skip-Gram model) producing fewer results? I would suggest including the results of the CBOW model as well, so readers can analyze the improvements in your method. Since you use a decay factor for the surrounding embedding, I suggest looking at the exponential decay used in [1].

As in the previous comment, I would like to see the difference between Mikolov's original cross-lingual projection and your frequency-weighted projection. These contributions would be more valuable if readers could see that your method has really improved.

"The proposed data selection scheme is very effective at selecting good quality projection-labeled data and the improvement is significant" ←

Have you tested any statistical significance? I would like to know if the differences in the results of this work are significant.

I suggest adding the text of section 4.4 at the beginning of section 4.2. It will look cleaner. I also suggest moving the evaluation of Table 2 to the evaluation section.

I am missing a related work section. Some of that information is included in your introduction. I suggest dividing the introduction into two sections. The evaluation is quite short (1.5 pages including the conclusion section). You are getting state-of-the-art results and I welcome further discussion and analysis of the results.

Proposed references:
[1] Iacobucci, I., Pillevar, M.T., and Navigli, R. (2016). Embedding for Word Sense disambiguation: An Evaluation Study. Proceedings of the 54th Annual Meeting of the Association for Computational Linguistics (Volume 1, pages 897-907).