The authors propose a new method for capturing complex long-term dependencies on the count vector using a recurrent neural network to represent underlying distributions, which is obtained by a gamma distribution. The shape parameters of those gamma distributions that capture the time-dependent dependencies are estimated by the neural network, which attempts to cover information from the prior (upper layer) and the probability (lower layer). In the neural network, the parameters are updated based on the expectation of the latent variable, which helps reduce the variance caused by sampling and increases computational efficiency. The model provides an interesting and smart way to handle the problem of long-term dependencies in dynamic models. I like it, but this manuscript may be written in a bit of a hurry, and some of my comments are given below:

1.  Some important typos, i.e., equation 10.
2.  The authors consider the scale parameter to be fixed and only update the shape parameter in those gamma distributions that require some detailed discussion and analysis.
3.  In the experiments, the authors only show the performance of the proposed two-layer model and do not compare it with single-layer and multi-layer models, which is not sufficient to understand the effect of layers on performance. Some other parameters also need to be discussed, i.e., window size, number of factors.
4.  For better understanding, I suggest that the authors display detailed graphical illustrations of the entire model. According to the problem, the authors can refer to Figure 1 in [1].
5.  Recently, some new deep Poisson factor analysis models have been proposed, such as [2] and [3], which need to be discussed in the introduction.

[1] Chung Jae, K. K., Din L, et al. A Recurrent Latent Variable Model for Sequential Data. NIPS, 2015.
[2] Mingyuan Zhou, Yulai Kang, and Bo Chen, Augmentable Gamma Belief Networks, Journal of Machine Learning Research, 17(163), 1-44, 2016.
[3] Yulai Kang, Bo Chen, Hongwei Liu, and Mingyuan Zhou, Deep Latent Dirichlet Allocation with Topic-Layer-Adaptive Stochastic Gradient Riemannian MCMC, ICML 2017.