In 2016, there was a major trend of using chatbots for all kinds of human-computer interaction, with the claim that they could resolve a wide range of interactions beyond simple conversations. This paper represents a serious reality check. Although it is relevant mostly to the fields of dialogue/natural language (to educate software engineers about the limitations of current chatbots), it could also be published in the fields of machine learning (to educate researchers about the need for more realistic validation of ML applied to dialogues), so I would consider this work to be of high importance.

There are two important assumptions underlying this paper and will likely open the door to more research. Although they are not written down, Antony Bordes explicitly stated them during the NIPS workshop presentation that included this work. Consider the metrics chosen in this paper:

1) The performance of end-to-end ML approaches is still inadequate for goal-oriented interactions.
2) When comparing algorithms, relative performance on synthetic data is a good predictor of performance on natural data. This will be quite different from previous observations, but the authors made a strong effort to match synthetic and natural situations.

While its core algorithmic contribution is a simple addition to the memory network (match type), this is the first time these have been deployed and tested on goal-oriented interaction, and the experimental protocol is excellent. The clarity of the overall paper is excellent and accessible to readers beyond ML and dialogue researchers. I was particularly impressed by how well the small appendix on memory networks summarized them, followed by the tables explaining the impact of the number of hops.

While this paper represents the cutting edge in the search for more rigorous metrics for dialogue modeling, it also reminds us how fragile and somewhat arbitrary these are. Note that this is a recommendation for future research, not for revision.

First, they use counter-response accuracy (basically next-pronunciation classification among a fixed list of responses). Looking at Table 3, it is clear how absurd this can be in practice: all that matters is a correct API call and a reasonably short dialogue, even though this will only give us 1/7 accuracy, because the 6 bot responses required to access the API call also have to be accurate.

Would counter-response accuracy, where all responses must be correct, be better? Table 2 shows how sensitive this is to the experimental protocol. I was initially surprised that the accuracy for subtask T3 (0.0) was much lower than the accuracy of the full dialogue T5 (19.7), unless the authors pointed me to the task definitions (3.1.1), where T3 is required to display 3 options while T5 only needs to display one.

For concierge data, what if 'correct' meant not 5-best, but best?

While I cannot blame the authors for using standard dialogue metrics and coming up with new ones that are actually very pessimistic, I can think of a way to represent dialogues that might result in more meaningful metrics in goal-oriented interactions. Suppose I sell virtual assistants as a service, which are paid upon successful completion of a dialogue. What metric would maximize my revenue? In this restaurant problem, the loss would probably be some weighted sum of the number of errors in the API call, the number of turns to access that API call, and the number of rejected options by the user. However, such losses cannot be measured on canned dialogues and would require either a real human user or a realistic simulator.

Another issue closely related to learning representation that this paper does not properly address or understand is what happens if the vocabulary used by the user does not match the vocabulary in the knowledge base at all. Specifically, for the match type algorithm to code 'Indian' as 'type of dish', this word must be exactly in KB. I can imagine situations where KB uses some ambiguous vocabulary, and we would want ML to learn associations instead of humans, instead of describing them by hand.