Summary:

This paper presents a new dataset for evaluating end-to-end goal-oriented dialogue systems. All the data is generated in a restaurant setting, where the goal is to detect availability and ultimately book a table based on the parameters provided by the user to the bot as part of the dialogue. The data is generated by running a simulation using an underlying knowledge base to generate samples for various parameters (dishes, price range, etc.), and then applying rule-based transformations to present natural language descriptions. The objective is to rank a set of candidate responses for each subsequent turn of the dialogue, and the evaluation is described in terms of counter-reaction accuracy and counter-dialogue accuracy. The authors show that memory networks are capable of improving upon the basic bag-of-words baseline.

Thoughts:

I would like to thank the authors for an interesting contribution. Having said that, I am skeptical about the usefulness of end-to-end trained systems in a narrow-domain setting. In an open-domain setting, it can be argued that hand-coding all states and responses will not scale, and therefore end-to-end trained methods are very important. However, in a narrow-domain setting, we usually know and understand the domain well, and the goal is to achieve high user satisfaction. Doesn't it make sense to engineer the best possible system using domain knowledge in these cases?

Given that the domain is already restricted, I am also a little disappointed that the goal is to rank responses rather than generate them, although I understand that this makes the evaluation much easier. I am also uncertain how these candidate responses will actually be obtained in practice? It seems that the model ranks all sets of responses in the train/value/test (last sentence before section 3.2). Since a key argument for the end-to-end training approach is the ease of scaling to a new domain without manually re-engineering the system, where does this information come from in practice for a new domain? Generating responses will allow for much better generalization in a new domain, rather than simply ranking a list of general responses collected by hand, and in my opinion this is the weakest part of this work.

Finally, since the data is generated using a simulation by expanding tuples (dishes, price, ...) using NL-generation rules, this essentially limits variability in the training responses. Of course, this is traded with the ability to generate unlimited data using the simulator. But I was unable to see the list of rules that were used. It would be good to publish this as well.

Overall, despite my skepticism, I think this is an interesting contribution that deserves publication in the conference.

------

I have updated my score after clarification and the new results.