This paper applies Richardson-Romberg (RR) extrapolation with Stochastic gradient Langevin dynamics to reduce bias from gradient estimation noise. As a result, SGRRLD has asymptotically lower bias and MSE than SGLD. Experiments on synthetic linear Gaussian models show the advantage of the new algorithm over SGLD. Experiments on movement data show slight improvement in test RMSE, but the results are controversial. Literature has shown that Richardson-Romberg (RR) extrapolation improves the convergence rate of Monte Carlo estimates on SDE. This paper applies this technique to the SG-MCMC algorithm and proves that under certain conditions, the convergence rate of SGRRLD is faster than that of SGLD, using the same number of steps and requiring two parallel Markov chains. The algorithm description is clear, and the proposed algorithm is quite easy to implement. Synthetic experiments clearly show the benefit of reducing bias in SGRRLD in that particular problem. It would be good to see more real-data experiments to show that a simple modification of SGLD will significantly reduce bias. I have not examined the details of the proof of theorems 1 and 2, but I am interested in what conditions are required for U to satisfy both theorems. Can U be multi-modal? Intuitively, when the gradient noises are not correlated, the Gaussian noises are correlated, but the two chains will quickly become uncorrelated. How will the combination of the two chains reduce the error? When running real-data experiments, did the authors see a correlation between the two chains? My concern with the experiments and real-data experiments is that the authors argue that SGLD is almost identical to SGLD when computing in parallel. However, we can also run SGLD using multiple parallel chains at the same time. If we compare the estimation from the two chains of SLGD with that of SGRRLD, will we see the same improvement in RMSE? Another problem is that in real-data experiments, we compare SGRRLD with gamma and gamma/2 step sizes to SGLD with gamma step sizes. I think we should compare SGLD with gamma/2 step sizes, which has lower bias (and run two chains in parallel). Also, more real-data experiments should be done.