Stochastic gradient MCMC (SG-MCMC) methods offer an easy way to perform Bayesian posterior inference on large datasets and have received a lot of interest from the research community in the last few years. One drawback of these methods is that they are asymptotically biased, meaning they do not converge exactly to the posterior distribution. This paper shows that this bias can be reduced by a technique called Richardson-Romberg extrapolation. The main idea is very simple: two SG-MCMC chains are run in parallel, where the step size of chain 2 is half that of chain 1. Also, chain 2 is run with twice the number of steps than chain 1. The Gaussian noise injected into the chains is correlated, where alphak = (beta{2k-1) + beta{2k})/sqrt(2), where alphak and betak are the Gaussian noise injected into the k-th time steps of chains 1 and 2, respectively. Then, to calculate the expectation of a function with respect to the target distribution of the chains, the estimate calculated from chain 2 must be subtracted from the estimate calculated from chain 1 using a sample taken from chain 1. It is seen that the estimate in this result has less bias O(gamma^2) (where gamma is the step size) compared to O(gamma) obtained from chain 1 or 2 (where gamma is the step size). They also prove a reduction similar to the MSE of the estimate. I liked that the method is very easy to understand and apply (see my summary), and it does not require any major changes to the core structure of the SG-MCMC algorithm. Also, it is very general and applies to a large class of SG-MCMC algorithms, and therefore can be very influential for the Stochastic gradient MCMC community. Novelty: Although Richardson-Romberg extrapolation is well known in numerical analysis, it is not widely known in the machine learning / Stochastic gradient MCMC community. Clarity: The paper is well written and the presentation is clear. Comments/Questions: - Can this technique be directly applied to all SG-MCMC methods? If not, does the SG MCMC algorithm meet the criteria of Section 2.2: pigamma(f) = pi(f) + C * gamma + O(gamma^2) - is there any other specific condition outside of this? - Can this method be applied to other non-stochastic gradient, but approximate MCMC schemes, such as sub-sampling based Metropolis-Hastings test? What about distributed SGLD? - Since one chain has to be run twice as long as the other, much more computation is wasted where the chain with the larger step size is idle. Instead, is it possible to use 3 chains, where the step size of one chain is gamma and the step sizes of the other two chains are gamma/2, and all of these will be run with the same number of steps? Will this increase the variance of the estimate? - Is there any extension for this method for more than 2 step sizes? - The noise injected into the chains must be correlated, but I did not quite understand the effect of correlation between mini-batches. Is the variance minimized if the same batch is used for the k^th iteration of chain 1 and the 2k-1^th and 2k^th iterations of chain 2? Or is the effect of this correlation negligible? - I think the matrix factorization test (Figure 5) should be run until convergence, and also compared with SGD. The current plot shows that your method works better than SGLD, but it is good to show that your method works better than SGLD in a situation where being Bayesian is advantageous (i.e., better than SGD). Bayesian matrix factorization is not widely used in practice, so showing some numbers will convince more people to adopt your method. Also, the final errors of SGRRLD and SGLD will be better understood if an SGD plot is used as control. - Although the method is simple and clearly presented, an algorithm box can make the paper more accessible to a wider audience. I believe many practitioners will not read the more theoretical parts, so the pseudocode presented at the beginning of the paper will enable readers to try your method without understanding the more difficult parts if they are not very familiar with this field.