This paper proposes a numerical sequence acceleration method (high-order numerical integrator), Richardson-Romberg extrapolation, to improve the convergence of the SG-MCMC algorithm. This requires running two parallel SG-MCMC chains, where different step sizes and corresponding Gaussian noise are injected. Convergence of both finite and infinite features is provided. Tests on synthetic Gaussian models verify the bias of the theorems and the MSE limit, and large-scale matrix factorization tests on real data demonstrate the practical application of the proposed algorithm compared to standard SGLD. Overall, it is a well-written paper in terms of the proposed technique and presentation. I believe this paper makes a valid contribution to the SG-MCMC method and does a good job of placing this method in context with previous similar methods. I have two main concerns: (1) the novelty of the paper may be increasing, as the impact of numerical integrators on SG-MCMC has been analyzed in [10], and the proposed RR extrapolation has been used in [23] to approximate the unchangeable distribution. (2) the practical application of the algorithm may be limited and there may be a lack of fair comparison in the tests. This is a parallel implementation of the SG-MCMC algorithm, and due to the use of related Brownian motion, two chains have to be contacted at each step. However, it seems that the authors did not consider the cost of communication, assuming that there is no cost. It is good to mention this. It is not clear how computing resources are allocated for SGRRLD and SGLD in the tests. For example, is the single chain of SGLD implemented using the resources used by the two chains of SGRRLD? If not, it may not be a fair comparison for practical consideration. If yes, the question is how to share resources for the two chains of SGRRLD in the algorithm method. The computational cost of SG-MCMC mainly comes from calculating the stochastic gradient, I am wondering if using partial resources in SGRRLD for gradient calculation in each chain will take less wall-clock time than the full resources used in SGLD? Add more details about the implementation setup. Also, is it possible to compare it with running the two chains of SGLD embarrassingly (without communication)? Small comment: (1) "Unadjusted Langevin Algorithm (ULA)" is shown twice in lines 25 and 70.