Paper Summary:

This paper tackles an interesting and under-researched problem of tracking changes in the underlying dependency structure between variables in a stream of data points (such as time-based).

The authors focus on an efficient (computational/memory-wise) solution for simple SEM models. They develop a new algorithm for this task, named LoSST. LoSST uses a standard batch learning algorithm (PC by Spirtes et al, 2000) to learn the underlying structure and tracks multiple statistics from the data stream to determine whether a new structure should start learning. The tracked statistics include the distance from the weighted mean of each variable, the correlation matrix (eq. 1,2), and the weighted sample size. There is a weighting scheme for each new point for the sample weight based on how "surprising" the new data point is (Eq. 3,4). The Mahalanobis distance (MD) of each point is calculated, and the p-values estimated for the MDs by the Hotting's T2 distribution are added to calculate a composite "significance" statistic \rho using weighted pooling of the Liptak's p-values. This statistic is then used to determine whether a new structure should start learning with the previous step in a noise OR configuration. The authors compare vanilla PC batch learning on synthetic data sets where either parameter changes or structure changes are introduced after a certain set of data points, testing for different numbers of variables and the maximum degree of configuration. Finally, they conduct a brief analysis of real-life data from the US price index with 529 data points (starting from 1967) and six variables. They show that the algorithm detects some known changes/trends in the US economy, ignoring short-term changes.

Pros:

1.  The paper tackles an interesting and under-researched problem. As the authors note, there is much room for further development to match the theoretical and theoretical guarantees with practical solutions for these and other models.
2.  The algorithm is new and practical/efficient. It makes creative use of various methods for this.
3.  The experiments seem sufficient to track the impact of various parameters and try to incorporate an interesting real-life data set.
4.  The authors provide a good review of previous work on this problem.
5.  Overall, well-written.

Cons:

1.  The biggest drawback of the paper about this interesting problem is that there is no guarantee under the theory or some assumptions. Convergence and persistence are like opposing forces as the authors note (p. 4), but it seems that some types of guarantees should be appreciated in simplified circumstances. At least mention it as another direction for future work.
2.  Similarly, the solution suggested by the authors, LoSST, is heavily biased towards the heuristic/hack side. This is fine and enables the authors to achieve a practical solution, but the decisions involved should be noted more readably. Since tracking the mean and correlation matrix is straightforward, these mostly involve decisions on re-weighting, effective sample size, and when/how to re-learn. The authors creatively use some methods under conditions that may nullify the guarantees of these methods. For example, they estimate the MD p-value using the Hotting's T2 distribution. They set the sample size N to the effective sample size S^r. However, that distribution was developed for a full calculation from a given distribution, not for a partial/re-weighted calculation. If they actually sampled these partial weights from these nets/structures, would the distribution follow this form? Similarly, Liptak's weighted p-value was developed for meta-analysis using independent tests with different sample sizes. At least if the methods are used outside their guarantees/context, the authors should clearly state this, so that readers do not have misconceptions/misunderstandings.

Other Comments:

- The authors creatively use footnotes to outline the evidence, perhaps beyond the intention of Leslie Lamport or the conference organizers. Consider using supp for that and other missing details.
- The figures are too small, there is unnecessary space between them, labels are missing, details are missing in captions, legends, etc. The description of the experiments is not clear enough (for example, the top paragraph p. 7 is hidden).
- The explanation of why LoSST performs poorly when adding only the edges when changing the parameters is not satisfactory.
- Regarding the above, it seems desirable that the sparking parameter update and structure update should be separated.

A truly interesting direction for future research in which practical, albeit heuristic, implementations are in the first place.