Local privacy and minimum-maximum bounds: rapid rates for probability estimates
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

This paper deals with local privacy – a situation where each user generates a \alpha-distinct private signal based on their own type and the signals of the other n-1 users, and informs the data curator of that type. This paper analyzes this situation using a framework of minimum-maximum expected error – choosing a distribution over the opposing input (types for n users) and selecting an \alpha-defeasible local scheme to minimize the distance between the estimate obtained from the original data and the estimate obtained from the reported signals (typically, sum, consolidation, or average). Then the authors give a lower bound for the minimum-maximum rate for users taken from a different distribution over l_2 distance estimates and d types. They show that the simple technique of random response achieves this bound and is therefore optimal. The authors then proceed to analyze the problem of density estimates, where again the lower bound on the minimum-maximum rate is met by a defile scheme in which each individual only defiles their own type.

This paper is good and important – it shows that the best process we can achieve is some classic process, as it meets some lower bounds. I think the NIPS community will find this interesting, and therefore I recommend acceptance.

However, I have some objections. First, according to the style, the explanation of the minimum-maximum bounds could have been simpler. The paper also contains a lot of cumbersome notation – in particular, since all given bounds apply to the l2 criterion, couldn't the bounds be expressed in relation to this criterion? Second, I would like to see a comment about the l1 criterion, which is more restrictive, or a comment relating the given bounds to the l_1 criterion, as well as other lower bounds in differential privacy (which are accepted, more applicable to a classical, non-local, setting). Finally, it seems that the minimum-maximum bounds that are discussed are "optimized" for this local-privacy setting. I wish the authors could consider a broader set of settings and also give minimum-maximum lower bounds for them. However, I prefer that while the local-setting allows users to randomize the reported type based on the remaining n-1 users, it turns out that the simple scheme in which each individual only randomize the report based on their own type is optimal. I wish the authors would make this clear in the text.

A new objection: By now, the list of papers accepted by FOCS 2013 has been published. And therefore, I now think the paper is an extension of an existing paper, specifically the results of Section 3. Therefore I still recommend acceptance, but not as strong as before.

This paper analyzes the framework of local privacy using minimum-maximum rate bounds, gives lower bounds on the rate, and shows that the upper bound is met by a random response. A good result.