This paper discusses the convergence of EM algorithms (and iterative heuristics for maximum likelihood estimation) for learning global Gaussian mixtures and presents the following results, which show that it does not converge to global optimum quality: 1. Even with 3 clusters in the mixture that are very far apart and with an infinite number of samples, algorithms like EM can get stuck in local optima. 2. For k Gaussian mixtures, the probability of random starting for EM is very high, exp(-\Omega(k)). 3. The gradient EM will not typically converge to a strict saddle point; therefore, a bad local optima is usually the problem. This paper presents a consistent set of results that show that EM does not converge to global optimum quality (even with an infinite number of samples). However, I think the results are not too surprising and the techniques follow the expected path. The main bad example is a mixture with 3 components: two of them are close to each other and the third is far from both. They show that for a log-probability objective, there is a local optima with the first two components having a close center and the third having two centers close to the distant cluster. This is fairly expected behavior, especially when the centers are separated by >> \sqrt{d}. Under this amount of separation, the clusters do not overlap and the learning of global Gaussian mixtures is similar to k-means. Similar examples provide a bad example of Lloyd's algorithm for k-means clustering. This example is extended with a nice iterative construction for k components - it requires some effort, but it is also somewhat expected. Similarly, random starting fails for the same reason with the same probability of failure as k-means clustering (for k-means, this serves as an inspiration to arrange k logk centers or distance-squared samples). In conclusion, the results tell a consistent story about the lack of convergence to global optimum quality, but I think it is somewhat expected. Comments: 1. Kumar-Kannan provides a guarantee of convergence for Lloyd's heuristic for k-means clustering (and therefore Gaussian mixtures under sufficient separation conditions). The Gaussians are not separate enough for Lloyd's heuristic to diverge (e.g., Balakrishnan-Wenwright-Yu), but when there is a large difference, they seem to be essentially the same (this is true in the case of the bad examples here). Therefore, I think a comparison with k-means (and Lloyd's heuristic) that also shows the contrast of these results would be very useful.