This paper discusses an expectation-minimization (EM) algorithm for estimating the average set of parameters of a Gaussian variable mixture model. The number of Gaussian variables, the weights of the mixture, and the covariance matrices of the Gaussian variables are known and fixed. This paper provides three negative results for theoretical and EM algorithms: 1) even for large sample sizes, local maxima of the probability function may exist, where the probability values may be smaller than the intended maximum probability value. 2) EM algorithms starting randomly converge to a critical point with a high probability, where the probability values are smaller than the intended maximum probability value. 3) The same negative results apply to gradient EM algorithms. I believe that the question this paper addresses is interesting and worthy of attention. To obtain rigorous proof, this paper is limited to a simplified mixture of Gaussian variable models: the number of elements is known, the weights are known, and the covariance matrices are identical. I do not believe that these simplifications are a problem, as the proofs are already technical, and the results obtained are already informative. In my opinion, these results are very interesting and can help to better understand EM algorithms in practice. Note that this paper was written addressing a general d-case, while the proofs address a d = 1 case. Perhaps the authors could have written if similar proof was possible for a d-dimensional case, and if not, they would have briefly mentioned the additional disadvantages of d greater than d-dimensional cases over the 1-case. My only concern with this paper is the proof of Theorem 1 (unfortunately, I did not read the proofs in the supporting materials). I believe this proof is too short, and I would have liked it to be longer, but some of the paper's discussion has been condensed. The part of the proof that I think should provide more detailed information is lines 288 to 306. The authors provide the limit of the absolute value of the probability function on some domains (such as gamma or r going to infinity). I have no problem calculating the limit of the probability function in evaluating the fixed parameters, so, for example, I believe the three equations of line 288 should be correct. Still, getting a maximum value limit is not entirely clear to me, when the domain depends on the parameters going to infinity or infinity. Similarly, the authors mention in some places that the probability function is continuous, but this does not directly refer to the types of convergence mentioned in the paper, in my opinion. I believe more detailed information is needed, and therefore a longer proof, so that the reader can be fully convinced of the validity of the proof of Theorem 1. Finally, I have another small concern with the part of the paper from lines 162 to 172 related to gradient EM. I found this part to be harder to follow than the rest of the paper. In particular, perhaps the authors could have given more explanation on how to obtain equation (5).