This paper discusses the existence of local modes within the log-probability of Gaussian mixture models. It considers the simplest mixture model: a known scaled isotropic Gaussian component. Furthermore, the model is well-defined. The authors show that local modes exist even with infinite data available, and these are intentionally worse than global optima when measured by the log-probability difference between local and global optima. The paper focuses on specific configurations, especially where the mixing centers are well separated between clusters. Under such a configuration, the authors show that random starting will almost certainly move the EM away from the global optima as the number of components increases. The paper is well-written, but there are some errors. I have two main doubts about the practical relevance of this paper. 1. Theorem 1 shows that local modes exist in the log-probability, even when infinite data is available. The authors show that this mode exists if a specific configuration of centers is chosen. My question is: what is the probability of this configuration occurring in reality? If the authors had made some assumptions about the distribution of centers and shown that "bad" configurations gradually increase as the number of components (k) or the size of the problem increases, I would be more confident about the practical relevance of this paper. The paper's L210 to L218 states that Theorem 2 solves these concerns, but I am not sure it does. It would be good to clearly state how likely "bad" configurations are under specific assumptions. Here I am not talking about "bad" starting, but rather "bad" configuration (the location of the actual centers). 2. Theorem 2 deals with the starting of the EM algorithm. The authors consider randomly sampling from the mixture and starting the component centers. Under this starting and specific configuration of centers, the EM often fails to converge to the global optima. Now, let's consider a case where the data is generated using 3 Gaussians, 2 of which are close to each other and one is far away. If we have N data-points from each Gaussian, then 2N points will fall close to the first cluster and N points will fall close to the 3rd density. It seems very strange to me that someone could start the EM with 2 centers where there are only N points and 1 center where there are N observations, especially when the two clusters are very well separated from each other. Is random starting practically relevant if the data is clearly clustered? L74-81 I am not sure what the example in line 74-81 is trying to convey. The Sresbro assumption is true if k = 2, but it was not clear to me, so what is the purpose? L233-235 I understand condition (2) here, but I don't understand why condition (1) is needed. Did you mean that if you place a center between 2 clusters, you cannot guarantee that it will go to the correct cluster? L267-273 The authors have proven that the EM is less likely to converge at the saddlepoint. From a practical point of view, why is this result important? Is converging at the saddlepoint more problematic than converging to the local optima? Minorpoints: L18 "We also show the gradient EM algorithm" "Add "that" before "gradient". L38 "The quality of the assumption" may be "assumption" is good. L60 "When it is the efficient algorithm to feature..." I guess here you really meant "in what situations the efficient algorithm is featured..." L138 Just to clarify: O(d^1/2)-separated means all density c-separated, c is O(d^1/2). L172 Isn't this sentence redundant? Please recreate it or remove it. L177 "It may be equivalent to the "sample" "May be" is good. L218 I don't understand what the "well-separated" constant is. L220 "Started by random starting" L225 I don't know what \Omega (k) means. L245 "Unfortunate coincidence for a single algorithm" instead of "coincidence" was used. L249 "Remember for uniform weighted" "Remember" after "that" L308 "And claim when" "Claim" after "that"