In this paper, the authors design a recurrent convolutional encoder-decoder network that can render an object from various rotating perspectives using a single 2D image of the object. The authors evaluate the performance of their proposed model through its ability to generate images from rotating perspectives of faces and chairs. They conduct additional experiments to test the benefits of curriculum education, evaluate the effectiveness of the model's disentangled representation through cross-view object recognition, and explore the model's ability to interpolate a class with a chair.

Although the proposed model is well-presented and discussed in detail, its performance evaluation is not sufficient. The experiments used to demonstrate the performance of the proposed RNN model are primarily qualitative (the images, including the visualization of results, should be scaled to a size suitable for the reader to view). Introducing a quantitative measure of performance with a suitable error metric (to compare with the latest results) would prove to be more insightful than purely qualitative evaluation.

In general, the paper is well-written and easy to follow. There are a few minor grammatical errors (such as line 124 "rotate" -> "rotated").

The significance of this paper is fundamentally weakened by the lack of sufficient experiments and analysis. It would be relevant to include experiments with multi-PIE and datasets other than chairs. Demonstrating the model's ability to render rotating perspectives for different types of objects would make the network architecture seem less ad hoc. Furthermore, it would be interesting to see how the proposed model can handle object rotation trajectories deviating from a fixed axis (non-repeating rotation). The paper creates a deep learning model for rendering an object from various rotating perspectives using a single 2D image of the object. Although the method is novel and interesting, the paper lacks sufficient experiments and relevant analysis to further clarify the significance of the model and the potential for results comparable to the latest 'geometry-based method' (line 51).