In this paper, the authors propose a new recurrent convolutional encoder-decoder network for applying out-of-plane rotations to three-dimensional objects, such as human faces and three-dimensional chair models. The proposed network starts with a basic model where its encoder network divides the input image into identical units and pose units. Then, action units are applied to control the direction of rotation on the pose units. Its decoder network, which consists of convolution and unsampling, decodes the identity and pose into a picture of the rotating object and the corresponding object mask. To support long rotation trajectories, the proposed network is extended into a recurrent architecture where the encoded identity units of the input image remain fixed, and the pose unit is modified by a sequence of action units, and finally, both the identity and pose units are fed into the decoder to generate the resulting image.

One of the main contributions of this paper is learning to distinguish representations of identity/appearance and pose factors, where identity units are shown as a differentiable view-invariant feature in a cross-view object recognition task. Also, these descentangling features will be more beneficial when using long rotation trajectories for training the proposed recurrent convolutional encoder-decoder network and will predict better rendering.

The paper is well-written, easy to follow, and the motivations for various parts of the proposed method are clearly described. It also provides good support for the quantitative evaluation method of the predicted rendering quality of rotated images and the cross-view object recognition task, especially the descentangled representation for pose and identity factors.

Some minor weaknesses are mentioned below, and it is hoped that the authors will be able to resolve them during the rebuttal:

- The proposed network can only support discrete rotation angles, which depends on the set of rotation angles shown in the training data. Do the authors have any initial idea of extending the proposed method to support continuous rotation angles?
- The proposed recurrent convolutional encoder-decoder network is trained with a specific length, which actually contradicts the general recurrent neural network.

This paper proposes a new recurrent convolutional encoder-decoder network that is end-to-end trained to render rotating objects starting from a single image. The main contribution of generating descentangling identity and pose factors derived from recurrent rotation prediction purposes is well demonstrated through qualitative and quantitative evaluations.