A proposed sparse EM process modifies classical EM by reducing the parameter vector to the desired sparsity level in each step. It is also proposed that there is an asymptotically normal statistic based on an unrelated score to test whether a specific entry in the parameter vector is non-zero.

The guarantee given for sparse EM states that the estimate converges geometrically to the correct value (in the number of iterations), to a statistical error term that is approximately equal to the square root of the sparsity level and the infinite norm of the statistical error in the M-stage, which is typically logarithmic in the ambient dimension.

This follows recent similar results for EM in a low-dimensional setting. As in previous work, it is assumed that the Q function is sufficiently smooth and approximately quadratic in a certain basin of attraction, and the algorithm is initialized in that basin. The new condition is an infinite norm constraint on the error in estimating M. This condition is only necessary for sparse vectors, but for many models estimating M on all possible vectors is as easy as for sparse vectors (this applies to the Gaussian mixture example and the non-gradient version of the regression model under consideration). This raises a question – is a truncated EM algorithm necessary? Can a similar guarantee be obtained, for example, by doing simple EM under the same conditions, followed by a single truncation step? Edit: The authors' statement that linear regression is a special case here seems to be a solid argument against a single truncation step.

There may be some related work in sparse optimization that should be discussed (e.g., "Sparse Online Learning via Truncated Gradients" Langford et al. 2009, as just one example).

The experimental section should describe which initialization was used. A sparse EM version is proposed for parameter estimation in high-dimensional settings. The convergence guarantee provided is an important result for high-dimensional learning, although the significance of the sparse version of EM for the results obtained is not certain.