This paper provides a statistical method for "sewing" together sets of neurons that are continuously imaged, expanding the population size for which population dynamics can be simultaneously identified beyond the number of neurons imaged, and providing a better picture of the circuit that cannot be fully imaged due to experimental and technological limitations. The method is then applied to simulated data of rats and experimental calcium imaging data. The authors show that they can estimate the relationship of variability between two populations that are not simultaneously imaged.

The authors model the problem of fitting a latent dynamic system with missing observations. In this case, they used a general linear Gaussian system. The model has four parameters defined: a functional coupling matrix, a stimulation receiving field matrix that models the stimulation dependence of population activity, and two covariance matrices for the neural and measurement noise. The parameters were estimated from experimental data using a standard EM algorithm.

Quality
The model works beautifully in simulated data with two non-overlapping populations of neurons, but to get reasonable results when applied to real data, there must be a certain level of overlap of the populations. It is clear that the more overlap, the better the results, the question is why overlap was not required in the simulated data example.

Also, the authors did not mention the source of the huge difference in the correlations shown when applying the model to simulated data, such as Figure 2c and in real data in Figure 3b.

The beauty of the model is to recover pair-based relationships between pairs of neurons that are not simultaneously imaged.

Clarity
The paper is well written, although the legends of all the figures are not sufficiently descriptive and the text related to the figures does not discuss the figures in sufficient detail.

Originality
The authors list several works that have addressed the question of estimating functional connections from 2-photon imaging data or electrophysiological measurements. However, these works do not estimate the functional connections of neurons that are not simultaneously imaged.

Importance
There are many fundamental limits to the number of neurons that can be simultaneously imaged. Of course, this limits our ability to reveal the nature of neural computation at the circuit level (or more than a few hundred cells). This paper proposes a method to expand this limited capacity.

Overall, it is a good model paper, which uses a relatively simple linear dynamics model and incorporates measurements that would otherwise not be easy to recover.