This paper demonstrates that by sequentially recording data from a subnetwork and then combining the resulting sub-models, the characteristics of a larger network can be inferred. When expanded to point-process data, it can be used for many datasets where several channels are typically removed daily. I am not really familiar with any work of this kind (Z.W. Pillow and P. Latham, "Neural Characterization in Partially Observed Populations of Spiking Neurons" is probably the closest). It seems like a powerful concept.

In reality, it is unclear how limited this method is to data close to linear-Gaussian data. I didn't get a good idea from the paper about how deviations from the assumptions might break down. In the extreme case, where a complete model can be inferred from a subset (up to a linear transformation of the linear variables, according to the authors), it is unclear how much additional information about the coupling matrix can be obtained by adding other subsets.

Another problem that raises some questions is why the model only works on real data when there is some overlap between the two populations? Obviously, this indicates that linear-Gaussian simulated data does not tell the whole story, but it is good to have at least some idea of what the overlap does to further limit the model.

In tests on real data, where the linear assumption is likely to break down, one has to think more about how much of the noise-explained relationships (which are well-fitted, the couplings themselves are not related to the actual couplings in 3b) are due to general input and direct, pair-based couplings. I assume that the noise-explained relationships can be modeled better with linear variables than with pair-based couplings.

The authors have given a lot of space in the introduction and discussion, but are terribly light in the details of the assumptions. The equation of the M step at the bottom of page 3 is presented as a major contribution, but it is not really explained or derived. Perhaps this is a trivial result for LDS experts, but it will spoil much of the novelty of the paper. I think the authors had a very good idea, but it needs to be explained better to properly understand the significance of the results.

A neat idea has been tested against real data, but some details are unclear.