This manuscript presents a systematic approach to building structured learning for SEM.

SEM works with datasets that can only be generated locally i.i.d., meaning data can evolve from various underlying models over time. This paper is well-written and easy to follow, and it addresses an important problem: learning from time-dependent data, which many of the algorithms commonly used for structured learning have neglected. According to experiments with PC methods, techniques for extending learning to time-dependent data are simple but effective.

There are two proposals to clarify the contribution of this paper. Firstly, the experiments state that "other standard graphical model structured learning algorithms will work in the same way,..." I think this statement is very strong. The differences between structured learning methods can be significant. It is better to restate it, so that it is clearer that the experiments are based on PC methods that are time-independent and with an adaptation for time-dependent data, which is very relevant, and so on (and then say that it is assumed that the same will be true for other methods); or explain in detail why this would be the case, leaving the statement.

Secondly, the conclusion discusses that applying the same concept for learning the structure of Bayesian networks may not be a very easy task, as maintaining sufficient statistics is difficult. Even if that problem is not central to the proposal in this paper, it shows that using the same learning method for Bayesian networks and other models may require more than a few techniques. Therefore, I think this paper would benefit from publishing this topic from the beginning, perhaps presenting its goals more directly in SEM models, yet its extension to other models is possible (but it may not be direct). In short, this paper could be clearer about its scope. It is a well-written paper on learning the structure of graphs for SEM, under the assumption that the data is only locally i.i.d. It is easy to understand and implement its structure, and the experimental results look promising, even if it focuses on a comparison using only PC methods. I have received feedback from the authors.