Deep RL (using deep neural networks as function approximators in RL algorithms) has achieved several breakthroughs in solving RL in large state spaces. This empirically driven approach is based on these insights. It introduces a new algorithm that performs better in new 3D environments from raw sensory data and allows for better generalization across goals and environments. Specifically, this algorithm was the winner of the Visual Doom AI competition.

The core idea of their algorithm is to use additional low-dimensional observations (such as ammunition or health provided by a game engine) as a supervised target for prediction. Crucially, this prediction depends on a target vector (which is given, not learned) and the current action. Once trained, the optimal action for the current situation can be chosen as the action that maximizes the predicted outcome according to the target. Unlike successor facilitation representation, learning is supervised, and there is no TD relationship between the predictions of the current situation and the next situation.

There have been several prior works on both predicting future states and goal-driven function approximators as part of RL, which the authors reviewed in Section 2. Key contributions to this work include focusing on Monte Carlo estimation (instead of TD), using low-dimensional 'measures' for prediction, parameterized goals, and perhaps most importantly, empirical comparisons with relevant prior work.

In addition to the comparison with Visual Doom AI, the authors showed that their algorithm is capable of learning generalized policies that can respond to limited changes in the goal without any additional training.

The paper is well-communicated, and the empirical results are compelling and will be of significant interest.

Some minor potential improvements:

*   There is an approximation in supervised training because it is creating an on-policy assumption, but it learns from a replay buffer (the remaining part of the trajectory with Monte Carlo regression is assumed to follow the current policy, but the episode sample is taken from episodes generated by previous versions of the policy). This should be discussed.
*   The algorithm uses additional metadata (information about which parts of the sensory input are predicted) that the compared algorithms do not. I think this, and the limitations of this approach (for example, it may not work well in a sensory environment if such measures are not provided) should be more explicitly mentioned.