In this paper, the authors propose two optimization methods for solving supervised page rank problems. Unlike other existing methods, this paper theoretically proposes a gradient-based method with guaranteed convergence rates and can achieve a certain accuracy. The proposed gradient-free method has a guaranteed loss function reduction value. These two methods do not require the exact value of the objective function and have an approximation of the convergence rate, and its performance in terms of ranking value is even better than the state-of-the-art methods. The hyper-parameters used in both methods are provided. The datasets are not publicly available, but the details are clear, so it may not be difficult to reproduce their results. The authors propose two two-stage optimization methods for solving supervised page rank problems, namely gradient-based (GBN) and gradient-free (GFN). The lower-level and higher-level optimizations are based on the work of Nesterov and Nemirovsky (reference:17). The proposed method does not require the exact value of the objective function and has a proven approximation of the convergence rate if an accuracy is given. Therefore, the proposed method can avoid calculating large matrices while obtaining a good result. From section 2 to section 5, the authors explain the details of their method and include all the evidence in the supplementary section. However, it would be very helpful if the authors could provide a symbol table because there are many symbols in their equations and it is really easy to lose track. For example, in line 139 and equation 3.1, the authors used $N$ and they did not mention its meaning (number of steps) until line 193. Also, in the testing section, the authors compared their work with GBP only in the case of the loss function instead of the ranking value. Moreover, since this work is a generalization of ref:17, I think it would be good if the authors could directly compare it so that we can see if the performance is better.