The authors promote page rank and then introduce a framework where the weight of nodes and edges is derived from a feature model. They note that the previous algorithm had no performance guarantee for learning the model's parameters. They plan to solve the problem by combining a previous method for estimating a stationary distribution of Markov random walks with a gradient-free method used for optimization, when the loss function can only be estimated. They reproduce a framework with different names and notations from [21]. They discuss several technical assumptions and a loss function and explain why the problem is difficult to solve. Some theorems limiting the approximate gradient are mentioned. A general gradient-free method using a biased gradient-free oracle is discussed, and a theorem is given about its performance. They make some more assumptions and create an algorithm for the learning problem and adapt gradient-free methods to their problem, mentioning some more limits. They highlight some details of the experimental results on a web graph used in related work, but detailed reports of the results and analysis are given in the appendix. Some parameters are not reported, and the new algorithm is declared to have surpassed other algorithms, but there is no discussion on the level or significance of the improvement. It is not clear whether different graphs were considered for testing. There are many grammatical errors in the writing. The citations are disorganized, the problem is called "supervised page rank" with citations from [21], but only semi-supervised page rank is seen there. I am not sure that the problem solved is dominant. Your limits are strong, but I doubt whether the technical assumptions described will hold up in empirical data. Some assumptions seem limited, such as limiting the search space of phi for an R-ball around your chosen phi0 can greatly limit the functionality/applicability of your algorithm, which should be discussed. My biggest problem with the paper is that all its key points are in the appendix. You provide neither proof nor complete empirical results. How did you choose phi0 and R in the empirical results section? Did you test on multiple graphs? You do not report any tables or specific results in the main body of the paper. What is the real consequence of your improvement? Your limits and analysis and algorithm may be strong, but the content of the paper itself fails to convince me.