Paper Summary:

This paper addresses an interesting and under-discussed problem of tracking changes in data points within a stream (e.g., time-based).

The authors focus on an efficient (computational/memory-saving) solution for general SEM models. They have developed a new algorithm for this task called LoSST. LoSST uses a standard batch learning algorithm to learn the underlying structure (PC by Spirtes et al, 2000) and tracks several statistics from the data stream to decide whether to start learning a new structure. The tracked statistics include the distance from the weighted mean of each variable, the correlation matrix (eq. 1,2), and the weighted sample size. There is a weighting scheme for the sample weights for each new point based on how "attractive" the new data point is (Eq. 3,4). The Mahalanobis distance (MD) of each point is calculated, and the estimated p-values for the MDs are combined using a weighted pooling of লিপট্যাক p-values by the T2 distribution of Hoetling to calculate an overall "significance" statistic \ rho. This statistic is used in conjunction with the previous step to decide whether to start learning a new structure in a noisy OR configuration. The authors compare with vanilla PC batch learning on synthetic data sets where a specific set of data points is followed after changes in parameters or structures, testing the maximum degree of variation in different number of variables and configurations. Finally, they conduct a brief analysis of real-life data from the US price index where there are 529 data points (starting from 1967 per month) and six variables. They show that the algorithm identifies some known changes/trends in the US economy but ignores short-lived changes.

Advantages:

1. This paper addresses an interesting and under-discussed problem. According to the authors, there is ample opportunity for further development of practical solutions for this and other models, as well as for matching them with theories and theoretical guarantees.
2. The algorithm is new and practical/efficient. It uses a creative use of a host of different methods for this task.
3. The experiments seem sufficient to track the effects of various parameters and include an interesting real-life data set.
4. The authors provide a good review of previous work on this problem.
5. Overall, well-written.

Disadvantages:

1. The biggest disadvantage of the paper in the case of this interesting problem is that there is no guarantee under the theory or some assumptions. As the authors note (p. 4), like convergence and persistence are opposite forces, but no kind of guarantee should be reasonable under simplified conditions. At least mention another aspect for future work.
2. Similarly, the authors' proposed solution, LoSST, is heavy on heuristics/hacks. This is fine and enables the authors to get a practical solution, but the decisions involved should be more clearly stated. Since it is easy to track averages and correlation matrices, these mostly involve re-weighting, effective sample size, and decisions on when/how to re-learn. The authors creatively use some methods in such situations that can invalidate the guarantees of these methods. For example, they estimate the MD p-value using the T2 distribution of Hoetling. They set the sample size N as the effective sample size S^r. However, that distribution was created from a complete calculation from a given distribution, not for partially/re-weighted calculations. If they had taken samples from this net/structure, would the distribution with these partial weights follow this form? Similarly, the লিপট্যাক weighted p-values were created for meta-analysis using independent tests with different sample sizes. At least if the methods are used outside their guarantee/context, the authors should clearly state this, so that readers do not get the wrong idea/perception.

Other Comments:

- The authors make creative use of footnotes to outline the evidence, perhaps even more than Leslie Lamport or the conference organizers. Consider the supp and other missing details for this.
- The figures are too small, there is unnecessary space between them, the labels are missing, details are missing in captions, legends, etc. The test details are not clear enough (e.g., the top paragraph p. 7 is mysterious).
- The explanation of why LoSST degrades the edge only when the parameters are changed is not satisfactory.
- On the above point, it is desirable that sparking parameter updates and structure updates should be decoupled.

A truly interesting aspect for future research, a practical though heuristic implementation as its first attempt.