This paper describes a model for Cross-Lingual Named Entity Recognition (NER).

The authors used a Conditional Random Field, Maximum Entropy Markov, and Neural Network-based NER method. Additionally, the authors proposed two methods (probability-based and ranking-based) to combine the outputs of these methods and a method for selecting the best training examples from cross-lingual comparative corpora. The cross-lingual projection is done using a variation of Mikolov's proposal. In general, the paper is easy to follow, well-structured, and the English language standard is also correct. The results of the combined annotations are interesting.

Detailed Comments:
I was wondering what the purpose was behind proposing a variation of the Continuous Bag-of-Word (CBOW) model. You haven't provided much detail on this (or the parameters used). Was the original model (or the Continuous Skip-Gram model) producing fewer results? I would suggest including the results of the CBOW model as well, so readers can analyze the improvements in your method. Since you use a decay factor for the surrounding embedding, I suggest looking at the exponential decay used in [1].

As with the previous comment, I would like to see the differences between Mikolov's original cross-lingual projection and your frequency-weighted projection. These contributions would be more valuable if readers could see that your method is truly improved.

"The proposed data selection scheme is very effective at selecting good-quality projection-labeled data, and the improvement is significant" ←

Have you conducted any statistical significance tests? I would like to know if the differences in the results of this work are significant.

I suggest adding the text of section 4.4 at the beginning of section 4.2. It will look cleaner. I also recommend moving the evaluation of Table 2 to the evaluation section.

I am missing a related work section. Some of that information is included in your introduction. I suggest dividing the introduction into two sections. The evaluation is quite short (1.5 pages including the conclusion section). You are getting state-of-the-art results, and I welcome further discussion and analysis of the results.

Proposed References:
[1] Iacobucci, I., Pillevar, M.T., and Navigli, R. (2016). Embeddings for Word Sense disambiguation: An Evaluation Study. In Proceedings of the 54th Annual Meeting of the Association for Computational Linguistics (Volume 1, pages 897-907).