This paper proposes a supervised metric learning method based on the recent "word-movement distance" [19] (a transport distance applicable to word2vec word embedding). The proposed method can be used for any transport distance based on squared Euclidean distances after linear projection. In addition to learning linear projection to maximize performance, the proposed method also learns a weight for the words. The latter is specific to document applications, which consists of reweighing the frequency of each word by the learned weight and normalizing the word frequency. This paper presents an efficient optimization method for the proposed parameterized metric learning. A thorough experimental evaluation compares the performance of the proposed method with a reasonable baseline using a kNN classifier based on the proposed learned metric on several document classification datasets. + This work extends the recent word-movement distance, which is an interesting technical and useful extension (proven effective in several kNN text classification tasks). - The potential impact is likely limited because the earth-movement distance, metric learning through "word centroid distance" initialization, works similarly to the complete learning of the proposed distance. See the difference in the last two rows of Table 3. In other words, the main technical contribution of this paper does not seem to contribute much to this initialization method based on existing techniques. - One thing I missed in Table 3 is the evaluation of "word centroid embedding" (weighted mean of word embeddings for documents) with all tested existing metric learning methods (ITML, LMNN, NCA). - Another missing item in the evaluation is the evaluation of the weight of the word-specific weight and the projection matrix A. Performance should be seen by activating each of these components individually. o Originality is mainly related to the method of optimizing the metric (lines 156-175), the concept of linear metric learning within earth-movement distance is very interesting but it is itself a limited contribution. + The paper is very well written and enjoyable to read. There are a few minor issues that could be clarified: - Line 152: "Author": Which paper? [1,7,8] ? - Equation 11: Shouldn't alpha and beta star be carried here? - Around line 170, it should be clearly noted that this is synchronous scaling, which is mentioned in the introduction on line 56.