The authors propose a new method for learning WMD parameters. Specifically, they calculate the bin-to-bin difference using EMD (which is computed in text documents using word embedding). The authors create a parameter matrix of EMD costs (i.e., ground metric) using Mahalanobis distance within the vector representation. Furthermore, the authors propose learning some histogram coefficients rewiring (see the work of Lebanon and the comments below). The authors provide a gradient of NCA-type costs for this problem and also provide strong experimental evidence. Overall, the paper seems to be a nice combination of existing techniques and provides very reliable experimental results. I am in favor of adopting it. The strength of the paper is its simplicity and relatively easy concept, but it is not easy to implement/test. Therefore, the experimental section is a strong part of this paper. Some points for improvement: manage the interaction between regular/irregular formulations more well, be more rigorous in the field of mathematics (the calculations/notation are somewhat messy), and create an algorithmic box to see more clearly what the authors are proposing. A few small comments: - In equation 1, Euclidean distance is used as the cost within word embedding, in equation 6, for the purpose of learning the Mahalanobis metric, that cost becomes a squared Euclidean metric (and thus what is commonly called a 2-Wasserstein). To avoid such inconsistency, it is probably easier to say that WMD is a P-Wasserstein within the cloud of word embedding, whatever the P may be. - The "rewiring" method proposed in equation 5 is not new; it was already proposed by Guy Lebanon in the context of text document classification ("Metric Learning for Text Documents"). See Le/Katuri's "Unsupervised Riemannian Metric Learning Using the Ichison Transformation for Histograms". - Are there any experimental insights into the importance of the weight vector W in learning the metric? Is that innovation important? Is it relevant in any way? - Related work: It would be interesting to highlight the differences more clearly with previous work. For example, this paper is based on the work of Katuri/Avis, but it uses entropy regularization, which clearly speeds up and scales applications. The cost is also different: although isolated in that work, it is now parameterized with a continuous but linear map. These two arguments are missing. This paper is also taken from the work of Wang et al., but that paper is not publishable as it is. The optimization has also been run once on their paper and it clearly does not work as proposed.