The authors present a new version of the adapted coreference function for Wikipedia. This function identifies the coreference chain that specifically relates to the entity about which the Wikipedia article is written. The authors annotate all 30 documents in the coreference chain, of which approximately 25% refer to the "main concept" of the article. They then describe some simple baselines and a basic classifier that perform better than these. Furthermore, they integrate their classifier into the Stanford (rule-based) coreference system and observe substantial benefits on all state-of-the-art systems on Wikipedia.

I think this paper proposes an interesting twist on coreference that makes good sense from an information extraction perspective, has the potential to revive and shake up coreference research to some extent, and has the ability to bridge the gap between coreference literature and entity linking literature in an interesting way.

I am sometimes unimpressed by papers that dig up a new function that underperforms standard systems and then propose a change so that their system performs better. However, in this case, the actual work itself is quite motivating for me, and it's not just a matter of finding a new domain for authors to run things on; it really seems like, "Hey, wait, these standard systems underperform in a setting that is actually quite important."

Task: The main concept is a difficult task from an IE perspective. I can imagine many times where the document mainly revolves around a particular entity (biographical document, dossier, or briefing about a person or event, clinical record, etc.) and where the information we want to extract is specific to that entity. The issue of a large number of references has always been a problem in standard coreference work that seems quite irrelevant to most IE problems (such as general references), and this work undoubtedly includes references that actually matter.

From a methodology perspective, the notion of "main concept" provides a useful discourse anchor for coreference, but still seems to have enough overhead to improve beyond baselines, especially on non-pronoun reference. It also opens doors to more interesting uses of direct coreference knowledge on Wikipedia, which the authors portray here.

Therefore, I think this domain is likely to be an interesting test site for ideas that will improve coreference as a whole, but it will be more difficult to achieve strong improvements in a general setting and dwarfed by the amount of work involved in tackling other aspects of the problem.

Furthermore, unlike previous work that has made a piece of coreference (for example, the work of the Winograd scheme), this paper has a major impact on the metrics of the overall coreference problem on a domain (Wikipedia) that many people in the ACL community are quite interested in.

Techniques: Overall, the techniques are not the strong point of this paper, although they seem effective. The features seem quite sensible, but it seems that additional combinations could help (and it is not clear whether the authors have experimented with this direction or not). The authors should also state in the first work that their primary MC concept system is a binary classifier; this is clearly not stated early enough and the model is left undefined in the description of the feature.

Minor Details:
Organization: I would probably present the dataset immediately after the "related work" (i.e., it would have to create a new section 3) so that concrete results can be given in the "baselines," which will further motivate the "scenario."

When Dcoref and Scoref are mentioned in section 4, you should either cite Stanford's papers or clarify that it is the Stanford coreference system (many people may be unfamiliar with the names Dcoref/Scoref).

The use of the term "candidate list" was ambiguous, especially in the following:
"We leverage the hyperlink structure of the article to enrich the list of references with shallow semantic features. For each link found within the article in question, we look at the candidate list for all references matching the surface string of the link."

Please clarify that the "candidate list" is a set of references in the article that are potential candidates for being coreference with MC. I think most readers will understand that this module is for importing semantic information from Wikipedia's link structure (for example, if a reference is a hyperlink from an article about a woman in Freebase, that reference is a woman), so try to keep the terminology clear.

Section 6.1 says "We consider the union of WCR references and all references predicted by the method (Raghunathan et al, 2010)." However, what does section 4.1 imply? I don't remember where the additional WCR references will be extracted.