This paper is related to kernel matrix learning used by the deterministic point process (DPP). The main contribution of this paper is a better objective formulation than the traditional method of estimating the difference in log probes and assessing the gradient accent with respect to kernel parameters (this fundamental method is called KA in the paper). The idea is to recreate the problem within an EM framework. It works by observing that any DPP can be represented as a mixture of "primary DPPs," where there is a primary DPP for each subset of components. A variable distribution is created over these subsets, and the algorithm periodically changes between updating the distribution over these subsets, which is represented as a k-DPP, taking single gradient steps in M steps. The results show that when KA is started simply, the EM method gives quite good results compared to the KA method, and in some cases, when KA is started more intelligently, it gives slightly better results.

Overall, I find this method interesting and it seems that the EM method has brought some improvements. The M-step is quite complex, and the precautions required to make it work are somewhat unsatisfactory, but there is something to be said for making it work.

Experimentally, I would have liked to see some more analysis on the effect of initialization on EM. For example, if the EM algorithm starts with the results of KA, will it improve the solution?

I am also confused about using relative log probabilities for reporting. Log probes reflect the ratio of probabilities. Why is the ratio of log probabilities taken? Why not just the difference in log probes? I have difficulty explaining the meaning of these numbers.

Also a small note (sorry for the annoyance!): I find some of the writing styles annoying. I would like the authors not to call their own algorithm refined, especially when there may be controversy about being refined due to the precautions required in the M-step and the approximation of values. I also find it unnecessary to bold the writings in the introduction. Interesting new method for kernel learning in DPP. The experiments could be improved a bit, and the improvements are not much greater than the basic gradient accent algorithm, but overall a pretty good paper.