The Determinantal Point Process (DPP) is a distribution over a specific ground set that determines a higher probability for different sets. The Distribution Point Process can be parameterized by a positive semi-definite matrix (L). Since learning L is NP-hard, only partial learning of L has been discussed as previous work. Learning a scalar vector for L compromises the diversity dimension of the Distribution Point Process. Previous work has resorted to restricting the parametric form of L. In this paper, the authors propose a learning method that does not restrict the parameterization of L. This learning method does not require the projection step, such as gradient descent, which can compromise the similarity property and compromise the diversity property. This difficulty can be overcome by using EM on the Eigen-values and Eigen-vectors. They explore some optimization algorithms to solve this without the need to project the values. Using the projected gradient descent requires projections of both the Eigen-values and Eigen-vectors. Because V is full-rank, they avoid the projection of the Eigen-vectors. The objective function is kept within a lower bound using Jensen's inequality, and an EM method is created.

This learning method preserves the diversity property of the Distribution Point Process, unlike other previous work, which only focused on the quality property. The step-by-step emergence of the EM method is insightful. Mapping the constraint on the Stiefel manifold to eliminate the projection of the Eigen-vectors and showing that the inverse distribution is a Distribution Point Process is a difficult contribution. They test the learning algorithm in both synthetic datasets and a product recommendation task. The experiments support the claim made in the paper – the learning method maintains the quality and diversity of the Distribution Point Process when compared to KA. Only two of the top 10 products have been replaced by KA, which are less likely products, yet it highlights the contribution of the paper and supports the claim made at the beginning. The conclusion is somewhat rushed, not bringing forward all the contributions of this paper, but overall the paper is written coherently. The evidence is well-written, and the step-by-step reduction in EM is attractive.

The paper is written coherently, and the evidence is well-written. The step-by-step reduction in EM is attractive and well-explained. Further testing on real-world datasets could better illustrate the importance of the "diversity" produced by this algorithm compared to other algorithms.