This paper proposes a supervised metric learning method based on the recent "word-mover distance" [19] (a transport distance applicable to word2vec word embedding). The proposed method can be used for any transport distance based on squared Euclidean distances after linear projection. In addition to learning linear projection to maximize performance, the proposed method also learns a weighting of words. The latter is specific to document applications, consisting of reweighing the frequency of each word by the learned weights and normalizing the word frequency. This paper presents an efficient optimization method for the proposed parameterized metric learning. A thorough experimental evaluation compares the proposed method's effectiveness with a reasonable baseline using a kNN classifier based on the proposed learned metric on several document classification datasets. + This work extends the recent word-mover distance, which is an interesting technical and useful extension (proven effective in several kNN text classification tasks). - The potential impact is likely limited because the earth-mover distance, with metric learning through "word centroid distance" initialization, works similarly to the full learning of the proposed distance. See the difference in the last two rows of Table 3. In other words, the main technical contribution of this paper does not seem to contribute much to this initialization method based on existing techniques. - One thing I missed in Table 3 is the evaluation of "word centroid embedding" (weighted mean of word embedding for documents) with all tested existing metric learning methods (ITML, LMNN, NCA). - Another missing item in the evaluation is the evaluation of the relative importance of the word-specific weights and the projection matrix A. Performance needs to be seen by activating each of these components separately. o Originality is mainly related to the method of optimizing the metric (lines 156-175), the concept of a linear metric learning within earth-mover distance is very interesting but it is a limited contribution by itself. + The paper is very well written and it is enjoyable to read. There are a few minor issues that could be clarified: - Line 152: "Authors": Which paper? [1,7,8] ? - Equation 11: Shouldn't alpha and beta star be carried here? - Around line 170, it needs to be clearly remembered that this is synchronous scaling, which is mentioned in the introduction on line 56.