The authors propose a new method for learning WMD parameters. Specifically, they use the EMD (which is calculated in text documents using word embedding) to calculate the bin-to-bin difference. The authors create the parameters of the EMD cost (i.e., ground metric) matrix using Mahalanobis distance within the vector representation. In addition, the authors propose learning some histogram coefficient rewiring (see the work of Lebanon and the comments below). The authors provide a gradient of the NCA type cost for this problem and also provide strong experimental evidence. Overall, the paper seems to be a nice combination of existing techniques and provides very reliable experimental results. I am in favor of adopting it. The strength of the paper is its simplicity and a relatively simple concept, but it is not easy to implement/test. Therefore, the experimental section is a strong part of this paper. Some points for improvement: better manage the interaction between regular/irregular formulations, be more rigorous in the field of mathematics (the calculations/notation are somewhat messy), and create an algorithmic box to see more clearly what the authors are proposing. A few small comments: - In equation 1, the Euclidean distance within the word embedding is used as the cost, in equation 6, for the purpose of learning the Mahalanobis metric, that cost becomes a squared Euclidean metric (and thus what is commonly called a 2-Wasserstein). To avoid such inconsistencies, it is probably easier to say that WMD is a P-Wasserstein within the cloud of word embedding, whatever the P is. - The "rewiring" method proposed in equation 5 is not new, it was already proposed by Guy Lebanon in the context of text document classification ("Metric Learning for Text Documents"). See Le/Cuturi's "Unsupervised Riemannian Metric Learning for Histograms Using Aitchison Transformations". - Is there any experimental insight into the importance of the weight vector w in the learning metric? Is that innovation important? Is it relevant in any way? - Related work: It would be interesting to highlight the differences more clearly with previous work. For example, this paper is based on Cuturi/Avis' work, but it uses entropy regularization, which clearly speeds up and scales applications. The cost is also different: although isolated in that work, it is now parameterized with a continuous but linear map. These two arguments are missing. This paper is also taken from Wang et al.'s work, but that paper is not publishable as it is. OT optimization has also been run once in their paper and it clearly does not work as proposed.