This paper deals with kernel learning using the Determinantal Point Process (DPP). The main contribution of this paper is the restructuring of the objective, which performs better than the standard approach of differentiating log probes with respect to kernel parameters and performing projected gradients (this basic approach is called K-accents (KA) in the paper). The idea is to reformulate the problem within the EM framework. This works by observing that any DPP can be represented as a mixture over "elementary DPPs," where there is an elemental DPP for each subset of elements. A variance distribution is created over these subsets, and the algorithm works alternately between updating the distribution over these subsets, which is represented as a k-DPP, and taking a single gradient step in the m step. The results show that the EM method performs significantly better than the KA method when KA is initialized randomly, and performs slightly better in some settings when KA is initialized more intelligently.

Overall, I find this approach interesting, and it seems that the EM method makes some improvements. The m-step is quite complex, and the caveats required for it to work are somewhat unsatisfactory, but it can be said to work.

Experimentally, I would have liked to see a little more analysis on the effect of initialization on EM. For example, if the EM algorithm is initialized with the result of KA, will it improve the solution?

I am also confused by the use of relative log probabilities as a measure for reporting. Log probes represent the ratio of difference probabilities. Why take the ratio of log probabilities? Why not just the difference in log probes? I have difficulty understanding the meaning of these numbers.

One minor issue (sorry for the irritability!): I find the writing style somewhat disturbing. I would prefer that the author not call their own algorithm elegant, especially when elegance is debatable due to the necessary caution and approximation in the m step. I also find it unnecessary to bold the text in the introduction. Interesting new approach to kernel learning in DPPs. Experiments could be improved a bit, and the improvements on the basic projected gradient algorithm are not very large, but overall a very good paper.