This paper proposes a random parallel version of ADMM that can handle palatalization with multiple blocks. In each iteration, PADMM randomly selects K blocks, updates the block's original vector, and then updates the dual vector through a backward step. The authors have demonstrated the importance of using the backward step, as it makes the dual update more conservative, enabling global convergence. The algorithm also allows for the addition of a proximal term to the original update, making it easier to solve a subset of optimization problems. The authors have provided a theoretical analysis of the algorithm, establishing its global convergence and its iteration complexity. When there are a total of J blocks, and when the PADMM algorithm randomly selects K blocks at a time, the algorithm's convergence rate is O(J/(TK)) after T iterations of the update.

The main advantage of the PADMM algorithm is that (1) it allows for complete parallelism for the original step, and (2) it allows for relatively large update step sizes compared to other methods. In particular, PADMM can be faster than sADMM because it allows for larger step sizes. It is more flexible than PJADMM and more parallelizable than GSADMM. The authors have evaluated the algorithm on robust principal component analysis and overlapping group lasso. Experimental results are quite promising. The PADMM algorithm achieves the desired accuracy with a short computation time. However, the authors have not reported the performance of PADMM with parallel execution. Compared to traditional ADMM, tuning the three parameters of PADMM is less convenient.

Overall, this is an interesting contribution to solving ADMM-type problems, where many constraints are provided. The algorithm has a convergence rate similar to ADMM, but it allows for parallelism and exhibits promising practical performance. Overall, this is an interesting contribution to solving ADMM-type problems. The paper is well-written. Both the theoretical and empirical parts are solid.