This paper presents a transition-based graph parser capable of handling the rich representations of a semantico-cognitive annotation scheme, instantiated in the UCCA corpora. The authors begin by outlining what they believe should characterize a semantic-based annotation scheme: (i) graph-based structure (allowing tokens/nodes to have multiple parents), (2) non-terminal nodes (representing complex structures – syntactic, such as coordinate phrases, and lexical, such as multiword expressions), and (3) the ability to represent discontinuous elements (e.g., verbs and particles). Interestingly, these principles are not necessarily tied to a semantic framework and could also apply to syntax or other representation layers. The authors then position their work within the broader context of broad-coverage semantic parsing and introduce their annotation scheme of choice, UCCA. Finally, they present three sets of parsing experiments: (i) phrase-based parsing using a Stanford parser and a UCCA-to-constituency conversion, (ii) dependency parsing using a UCCA-to-dependency conversion, and (iii) the core contribution: experiments demonstrating that their transition-based graph parser is suitable for direct parsing of UCCA graphs.

I found this work interesting, but before considering publication, I have several concerns regarding the methodology and empirical justification.

The authors claim to be the first to propose a parser for a semantically-oriented scheme such as theirs. While this is true, with all due respect to the work behind this scheme, it consists of graphs with various levels of under-specified structural arguments and semantically-oriented labels (Process, state). Nothing in their transition sets directly addresses the specificities of such a graph. Even the transitions related to remote edges could potentially be handled by the existing transitions with a different labeling scheme (e.g., adding an affix). If we frame the problem as graph parsing, many works following the 2014–2015 SemEval shared tasks (Almeda and Martins, 2014, 2015; Ribeyre et al., 2014–2015) proposed extensions to transition-based graph parsers or adaptations of higher-order models, which could be applied to this dataset. It’s primarily the specific feature template that anchors this model to the UCCA scheme (although its influence is less than that of count features and unigrams). Since these graph parsers are available [1, 2], I don’t understand why they weren’t used as a baseline or for comparison.

Regarding the phrase-based experiments using UPARSE, validation with another parser, such as that from Fernandez-Gonzales and Martins (2015) which can produce LCFRS-like parsing with comparable performance to UPARSE, would have been beneficial.

Because this scheme supports a more abstract view of syntactico-semantic structures than most SDP treebanks, it would have been important to use the same metrics as in the related shared task. Currently, many systems, models, and datasets compete in this field, and the lack of comparison points with other models and parsers is detrimental to this work as a whole. Nevertheless, I find it interesting, and because we are at a crucial juncture regarding future directions, I believe this paper should be discussed at a conference like CoNLL.

Additional Notes (in random order):

*   Please introduce the term “grounded semantic” before page 2, as you use it before this point.
*   Why didn’t you try using a constituent-tree parser with rich node labels and propagating traces, such as the Berkeley parser? This could have served as a good baseline.
*   The conversion to surface dependency trees seems questionable: you lose too much information. A richer conversion, such as the one from Schluter et al. (2014, SemEval SDP), would have been preferable.
*   Could you expand on “UCCA graphs may contain implicit units that have no correspondent in the text” or provide a reference or an example?
*   You mention other representations like MRS and DRT, which raises the question of whether your scheme allows for modeling quantifier scope information. It’s thus fully comparable to other more syntax-oriented schemes. It’s indeed more abstract than DM, for example, and likely more underspecified than the semantic level of the PCEDT, but to what extent? How informative is this scheme, and how “parsable” is it? Your scores suggest it is challenging, but an error analysis would have been useful.
*   As I mentioned before, the three principles you devised could apply to many things and seem somewhat ad-hoc. They would likely benefit from being placed within a broader (and clearer) introduction. Are you arguing for a parser that can parse UCCA, a model suitable for semantic analysis, or a semantic-oriented scheme that can actually be parsed? You are attempting to convey all of these ideas in a very dense manner, bordering on being confusing.

[1] http://www.corentinribeyre.fr/projects/view/DAGParser
[2] https://github.com/andre-martins/TurboParser and https://github.com/andre-martins/TurboParser/tree/master/semeval2014\_data



