The paper presents the first broad-coverage semantic parsers for UCCA, a specific approach to graph-based semantic representations. Unlike CoNLL semantic dependency graphs, UCCA graphs can include “nonterminal” nodes that do not directly correspond to words in the input string. In contrast to AMRs, UCCA graphs are “grounded,” meaning that text tokens are represented as nodes within the semantic representation. The authors present and evaluate a number of parsing methods, including a transition-based parser that directly constructs UCCA parses.

Given the existence of UCCA and UCCA-annotated data, developing a semantic parser for it is a reasonable undertaking. However, the introduction and background section feel somewhat unbalanced; the authors appear to argue that UCCA is the *only* sensible graph-based semantic representation (SR) formalism to study. This argument is unconvincing and, frankly, unnecessary – a successful UCCA parser would be a valuable contribution in its own right.

I also have some reservations about the three criteria the authors establish for semantic representation formalisms. For example, the benefit of “nonterminal nodes” in terms of expressive capacity isn’t clear. While it can be cumbersome to determine the head of a coordinated structure, it’s not apparent what information *could* only be represented with a nonterminal node and not, for example, through more informative edge labels. Furthermore, the issue of discontinuity only arises in SRs that are not “grounded.” The advantages of “grounded” representations over AMR-style representations were not clearly demonstrated. I also suggest the authors reconsider the term “grounded,” as it has been applied to numerous different concepts in semantics over the past decade; a more precise term like “anchored” or “lexicalized” might be preferable. Therefore, I believe the introductory section of the paper requires more careful phrasing and argumentation.

The parser itself appears sound, though I haven’t examined the implementation details. However, I found the evaluation results somewhat underwhelming. On “primary” edges, even a baseline MaltParser outperforms the presented BSP parser, and the f-scores on “remote” edges (which a dependency-tree parser like Malt cannot directly compute) are not particularly high. Moreover, the conversion of dependency graphs to dependency trees – a process extensively studied as “tree approximations” in the context of the CoNLL 2014 and 2015 shared tasks on semantic dependency parsing – is relevant here (though those tasks did not involve “nonterminal” nodes). Several researchers have proposed methods for reconstructing edges lost during graph-to-tree conversion; for instance, Agic et al. (2015), in “Semantic dependency graph parsing using tree approximations,” thoroughly discuss the challenges involved in this reconstruction. Incorporating such methods would likely improve the f-score of the MaltParser (and the LSTM-based MaltParser!), further diminishing the apparent advantage of the BSP parser.



