Based on a preliminary work connecting accelerated mirror descent and continuous-time ODEs, the authors have expanded ODE dynamics with more general averaging methods and proposed a new adaptive averaging technique for its discretization. In some cases, the new form of adaptive averaging surpasses existing AMD algorithms with restart. The proposed adaptive averaging technique comes with an interesting novelty and a good idea. Although the paper looks good overall, its originality and applicability are a major concern. - Most of the components (such as Lyapunov functions, discretization, etc.) directly follow from a preliminary NIPS paper [7]. The extension of generalized averaging from general averaging is somewhat trivial and not very useful, as the authors ultimately only consider the quadratic rate; a higher-order method would be needed for the fast rate, which is not always applicable. - Some results, such as the explanation of the power function, reconstruction in prime form, reduction in replicator dynamics, create a better understanding of the accelerated mirror descent algorithm, but are not significantly important in the advancement of machine learning. - Although the adaptive averaging method was introduced to fulfill sufficient conditions for ensuring the convergence of ODEs, it is not entirely theoretically grounded due to the approximation of আসন্ন মান during discretization. Nevertheless, no clear convergent results have been provided, meaning it is again a heuristic, as the authors noted. Also, there are various averaging schemes of Nester's accelerated algorithm; without comparing with other alternatives, it is not clear whether this adaptive form makes a big difference. - The test on a toy example with only quadratic/linear objectives is not sufficiently attractive or convincing to demonstrate the advantages of adaptive averaging, especially for strongly convex fields. == Post-Reboot Answer == I have read the authors' rebuttal and they promise that they will - add additional high-dimensional and non-quadratic examples to the correction - theoretical proof of the convergence of adaptive averaging - implementation of adaptive averaging in Nesterov's cubic-regularized Newton method - discussion comparing with other adaptive averaging. I have updated my score accordingly.