The authors have proposed a new method for capturing complex long-term dependencies. In this approach, they represent the underlying distribution using recurrent neural networks, which are realized by a gamma distribution. The size parameters of this gamma distribution, which capture the time dependence, are estimated by the neural network. These neural networks attempt to capture information from the previous layer (from the higher layer) and the probability layer (from the lower layer). The neural network's parameters are updated based on the expected latent variable, which helps reduce sampling variance and increase computational efficiency. This model provides an interesting and smart way to solve the long-term dependency problem in dynamic models. I liked it, but this manuscript was probably written in a hurry, and here are some of my comments:

1.  Some important typos, such as equation 10.
2.  The authors have assumed the scale parameter to be fixed and only updated the size parameter of that gamma distribution, which requires detailed discussion and analysis.
3.  In the experiment, the authors only showed the performance of the proposed two-layer model and did not compare it with single-layer and multi-layer models, which is not sufficient to understand the effect of the layers on performance. Some other parameters, such as window size and number of factors, also need to be discussed.
4.  For better understanding, I suggest the authors display detailed graphical representations of the entire model. Depending on the problem, the author can refer to Figure 1 in [1].
5.  Recently, some new deep Poisson factor analysis models have been proposed, such as [2] and [3], which need to be discussed in the introduction.

[1] Chung J, Kastner K, Dinh L, et al. A Recurrent Latent Variable Model for Sequential Data. NIPS, 2015.
[2] Mingyuan Zhou, Yulai Cong, and Bo Chen, Augmentable gamma belief networks, Journal of Machine Learning Research,17(163), 1-44, 2016.
[3] Yulai Cong, Bo Chen, Hongwei Liu, and Mingyuan Zhou, Deep latent Dirichlet allocation with topic-layer-adaptive stochastic gradient Riemannian MCMC, ICML 2017.