This paper explores kernel regression in a high-dimensional environment. The paper's starting point is the "additive model," which considers regressors:

f = sum FP(X_p)

That is, correlations between different dimensions are ignored. Clearly, ignoring such correlations is problematic, so the authors instead consider a "group additive model," where different dimensions are grouped so that correlations between some dimensions can be modeled. The authors present a formal treatment of this environment and provide some (to some extent) ad hoc algorithms for finding optimal groupings. Results are presented for small synthetic and real-world cases.

For me, the main issue with this paper is that it does a very poor job of describing relevant functions, so it is difficult for me (as a non-expert) to determine the actual novelty of the work. The task of finding optimal groups in the data is also considered, for example, "structured sparsity" and graphical models / Gaussian network learning. Yet, the authors do not mention these areas. Similarly, this problem can be seen as an example of "feature selection," but again, it is not mentioned. Effectively, the relevant functions described in the paper are limited to a single KDD-2015 paper [8], which is not enough for me to determine the actual novelty of the paper.

That being said, the theoretical treatment seems novel to me. The authors define a simple complexity measure on a grouping (this measure supports several small groups). This is obtained as an upper bound on the covering number. This is quite understandable. One of the shortcomings is that this measure is not suitable for easy optimization, so the authors either propose a complete search (which is poorly scaled) or a greedy method (similar to forward feature selection). While I admit that optimizing a separate function (such as one describing optimal groupings) is generally difficult, I must say that I was somewhat disappointed that the authors did not arrive at a measure that could be optimized more efficiently than using cross-validation. The authors mention that they are "examining and comparing different measures" (line 174), but they do not provide any further information, so it is difficult for me to determine the suitability of the chosen measure.

Experimentally, the authors provide a simple synthetic verification of their framework with a simple example on Boston housing data. They do not provide a baseline and do not compare with other methods. Again, it is difficult for me to determine whether the results presented are good or not because I have nothing to compare them to.
== Post Refraction ==
The authors clarified some of my concerns in their rebuttal. I still think the experiments are thin, and the authors have done an unacceptably poor job of connecting their work to ideas in machine learning. However, I admit that there are valid contributions in the paper and I have made some improvements to my score. I strongly encourage the authors to (at least) improve their discussion of relevant functions when the paper is published.