This paper proposes a model-driven approach for performing conditional independence tests for IID data. The core idea is to generate samples that follow a distribution close to the f{CI} using nearest-neighbor bootstrap, and to train and test a classifier to see if it can distinguish between the observed distribution and the nearest-neighbor bootstrapped distribution. If the classification performance is close to the random estimate, then no one fails to reject the null hypothesis that the data follows conditional independence; otherwise, no one accepts the null hypothesis.

The authors developed some limits on the closeness of the nearest-neighbor bootstrapped distribution and the f{CI} in terms of the total deviation distance, and on the empirical risks for ideal classification settings and near-independent samples.

Generally, this paper attempts to address a significant problem, and the paper is presented in a clear manner.

Detailed Comments:
Major:
1. It seems that the entire method can be separated into two major components. One is generating samples that mimic f{CI}, and the other is using a classifier for determination. My question is whether we can replace any one step by existing solutions from the literature. For example, we used the permutation-based method proposed in [7] to solve the problem, and then used a classification-based approach. Or, we use the nearest-neighbor bootstrap and the kernel to sample test approach together to solve the problem. I am curious about the performances.
2. In a limited sample size setting, the nearest-neighbor bootstrap distribution is close to f{CI}. In this case, if the groundtruth is x and y are weakly dependent, how would the proposed method tell?
3. Is the method perfectly symmetric with respect to x and y? From a causal perspective, x and y could be dependent due to two different causal models: x causes y or y causes x. In these two different scenarios, would we need to determine which variable to sample? The authors did not consider this problem.
4. I am seriously concerned about the way the parameter $\tau$ is chosen in algorithms 2 and 3.
Minor:
In algorithms 2 and 3, it seems that the empirical risk should be divided by the sample size.