This paper presents a Conditional Generative Moment Matching Network (CGMMN), which is an extension of the GMMN for conditional generation/prediction applications. The key to the proposed method is the kernel embedding of conditional distributions and the Conditional MMD metric for measuring the inconsistency of conditional distributions. The proposed CGMMN was tested on classification, conditional generation, and distillation Bayesian models. The direct approach to extending the GMMN for the conditional setting is to estimate a GMMN for each conditional distribution, and all these conditional distributions share parameters through the use of the same neural network. The problem with this approach is that there are very few examples in each conditional distribution, and in the case of a continuous domain for the conditioning variable, there may be only one example in each conditional distribution, which can lead to data sparsity. The proposed approach considers all conditional distributions as a family and attempts to match the model directly with the conditional embedding operator instead of matching each individual conditional distribution. The advantage of the proposed approach seems obvious, but in some cases, I can still see the direct approach working properly, for example, in conditional generation where the conditioning variable takes one of 10 values like the MNIST. It would be interesting to compare such a direct approach as a baseline. It is good to see that the Conditional MMD is a good construction of the objective, and it can be easily computed in almost the same way as the unconditional MMD described in comment 1. In equation 2, all K matrices are independent of the model parameters, and backpropagation can be performed as before. One concern about the proposed approach is that the CMMD objective potentially requires large minibatches, otherwise the minibatch's stochasticity may dominate the error; on the other hand, large minibatches make the objective computation expensive, especially the computation of matrix inversion can be prohibitively expensive. Overall, I think CMMD provides a good way to model conditional distributions. The results of the experiment on classification and distillation of Bayesian models are also interesting. Following the presentation in sections 2.3 and 3.1 was not easy. I had to dive into the referenced papers to understand what was really happening. There are some minor problems: (1) On line 77, it is mentioned that the MMD estimator is unbiased, which is not true. (2) On line 90, the conditional embedding operator was not consistent with the operator given in reference [29]. To obtain the form used in this paper, it seems that we need a different definition of the cross-covariance operator.