The authors essentially present an analysis for a class of Monte Carlo tree search algorithms using any no-regret selection method (with some minor restrictions). Their primary theoretical contribution is proof of convergence to epsilon-Nash in the case of simultaneous moves.

One weakness is that the convergence is asymptotic (no rates are provided), which is a necessary consequence of the authors' analysis because the selection method is only considered epsilon-Hanon consistent. This is not necessarily detrimental because, as far as I can tell, there is no evidence of convergence for MCTS methods for general-form games with simultaneous moves.

However, I think the question of rates is important, as we know that backward induction will give us an accurate balance anyway. Do the authors know what rates are obtained when a specific regrate rate is assumed for the selection method, for example, using \sqrt{T} guaranteed by exp?

The authors conclude with some experiments. They compare the spread of average reward values used in their analysis to the standard spread of the current sample value. They found that the average values perform slightly less experimentally. Finally, they try to gain some insight experimentally on the convergence rate.

Conclusion: This is a well-written paper that is technically sound. Given the lack of convergence rates, I am a little apprehensive about the final significance of the work. On the one hand, MCTS methods are known to work well in practice, so even if the rates do not match the authors' analysis, establishing asymptotic convergence is a good first step. On the other hand, convergence results for MCTS with sequential moves are already known, so the result seems a bit incremental.

Details
Figure 1: leafs --> leaves
Line 144: Rejected, not "reverse", right?
Line 10 of Algorithm 1: I think (a1,a2) should be (i,j), or possibly (\sigma1,\sigma2). This is particularly misleading because a_{i,j} was presented as a notation for the payoff in a one-step matrix game.
Line 172: It seems that the hiccup of notation from (i,j) to a's may continue throughout the paper. I will stop pointing them out, but these should be edited. This was a well-written paper that I enjoyed reading. Given the lack of convergence rates in the analysis, I have some reservations about its impact.