This paper describes four methods for obtaining multilingual word embedding and a modified QVEC metric to evaluate the effectiveness of these embeddings. The embedding methods are as follows:

(1) MultiCluster: Uses a dictionary to map words into multilingual clusters. Then cluster embeddings are obtained that serve as embeddings for the words residing in each cluster.

(2) MultiCCA: Extends the approach presented by Faruqi and Dyer (2014) for embedding bilingual words to multilingual words using English embedding as the anchor space. Then bilingual dictionaries (other_language -> English) are used to obtain estimates in the anchor space from other monolingual embeddings for words in other languages.

(3) MultiSkip: Extends the approach presented by Luong et al. (2015b) for embedding using source and target context (through alignment) by expanding the objective function to include all available parallel corpora components in the multilingual case.

(4) Translation Invariance: Uses a low-rank decomposition of the word PMI matrix with an objective with bilingual alignment frequency components. This may only work for bilingual embeddings. The evaluation method uses CCA to maximize the correlation between word embeddings and potentially handcrafted linguistic data. Base vectors are obtained for aligned dimensions that generate a score that is invariant to rotations and linear transformations. The proposed method also extends this to multilingual evaluations.

In general, this paper is well-written and clearly describes the work. Some key points:

(1) What is the new contribution regarding Gardner et al.'s translation invariance embedding approach? If it is an extension of multilingual embedding, a few lines explaining the novelty would help.

(2) Using super-sense annotations in multiple languages is a problem. The number of features in the intersection of multiple languages may actually be small. How do the authors propose to address this problem (beyond footnote 9)?

(3) How much does coverage affect the score in Table 2? For example, for dependency parsing, MultiCluster and MultiCCA have significantly different coverage numbers with the score being close.

(4) In general, the results in Table 3 do not tell a consistent story. Primarily, for most internal metrics, multilingual embedding techniques do not perform the best. Given that the primary goal of this paper was to create embeddings that perform well under the word translation metric (inter-language), it is disappointing that the method that performs best (so far) is the invariance approach. It is also strange that the multi-cluster approach, which abandons inter-cluster (word and language) semantic information, performs best in relation to external metrics.

Other questions for the authors:

(1) What are the performance disadvantages of fixing word embedding in the dependency parsing task? What are the benefits of using these embeddings as an alternative to random embedding in the LSTM stack parser?

(2) Is there an average over the 17 embeddings described in Table 1 section 5.1?

(3) Are there any advantages to using the multi-skip approach instead of learning bilingual embeddings and learning estimates in specific locations by doing multi-CCA?

(4) The dictionary extraction approach (through alignment from parallel corpora or from Google Translate) may not reflect the challenges of using a real lexicon. Have you explored the use of a real multilingual dictionary?