The authors examined the phenomenon of question asking, where the answers are K-ary. They defined PCFG manually for a "warship" domain, which contains partially observable grid-hidden colored shapes (i.e., some tiles are displayed as part of a specific color of the ship or as blank). The agent's job is to ask a question that provides as much information as possible about the state of the board, answering with a single word. PCFG works as a prior knowledge base for questions, which was defined as a statement of the lambda calculus. The goodness of the questions was defined as a linear function of its informativeness (expected information gain), its complexity (a uniform distribution in terms of its length or the probability of a negative log of the rules rewritten by PCFG), and the "answer type" (e.g., whether it answers as true/false or color). The human data was taken from a previously published paper and hand-coded into their grammar. The authors compared flawed versions of the model through live one-out cross-validations and found that all factors contributed to a non-revelatory amount (although complexity was clearly the most important). Finally, they presented a series of new questions.

Question asking is an important field in linguistics and hypothesis testing. The authors provide an innovative perspective by combining modern linguistic and cognitive theories on how people ask questions, which is likely to encourage new research in the active learning literature with more sophisticated question-asking models. The paper is very clear and well-written. The model is properly evaluated from both quantitative and qualitative perspectives.

From the perspective of a computational cognitive scientist, this paper advances the field of self-directed learning. Previous work has shown that the informativeness of questions was a poor predictor of people's ability to ask questions. This follow-up paper solves part of the reason why this is so (it may be secondary to complexity and possibly due to the size of the possible questions available for the model). Thus, this paper contributes to the cognitive science literature, which may be sufficient for its publication in NIPS.

However, their method has serious limitations, which I see as limiting its appeal to more general NIPS audiences. Although it may be possible to automate people's question-asking text into statements with some semantic reasoning, it is unclear how this method can be extended or expanded into areas of interest to the broader community. The warship domain is small, with a few different features, and their method is already computationally demanding. Nevertheless, the concepts are sufficiently interesting (active learning with enriched questions) to be of interest, although the authors may need to create a clearer situation of interest to the broader community where their technique can be applied and provide new insights.

Small comments:
1) It may not reveal much, but I think you can compare LL and a nested model with flawed models and get a test of statistical significance.
2) In the future, for consistent question-asking, there are other models in the linguistics literature on formal semantics and practical domains for asking questions. Much of the work comes from questions under discussion literature. I have listed a few references as pointers to this literature.
Ginsberg, J. (1995). The Solution to Questions, Part 1. Linguistics and Philosophy, 18 (5), 459-527.
Rozas-Esponda, T. (2013). Roadsign for Communication. Proceedings of Semdial (Dialdam), 17, 131-139.