Note: Since this appendix seems to include the main paper, I have only reviewed that, and all line numbers below correspond to the appendix.

Summary:

This paper studies group-additive nonparametric regression models, where the regression function is additive between groups of variables for some partition of the predictor variable; this model interpolates between completely nonparametric models, which are difficult to fit, and additive models, which are sometimes too restrictive. In particular, this paper studies the problem where the group structure is not known beforehand and must be learned from the data. To do this, the paper proposes a novel penalty function based on the covering numbers of RKHS balls, which is later added to the kernel ridge regression objective. This results in an objective that can be optimized both on the group structure (which, together with the kernel, determines a function space through the direct sum of RKHS over each group of variables) and the regression estimate within each group. Two algorithms are presented to approximately solve this combined optimization problem, and then theoretical results are presented showing (a) the rate at which the empirical risk of the estimate reaches the actual risk of the true optimum, and (b) the stability of the group structure estimate, in that the probability that it matches the true group structure approaches 1 as n -> infinity. Finally, experimental results are presented on both synthetic and real data.

Key Comments:

The main novelty of the paper seems to be in recognizing that the complexity of a particular group structure can be measured in terms of the covering numbers of the direct sum space. The paper is comprehensive, including a well-motivated and novel method, and reasonably solid theoretical and empirical results. I am not very familiar with other approaches to fitting models between additive and nonparametric models, but, assuming that the discussion in lines 31-50 is quite complete, this paper seems like a potentially significant advance. As mentioned in the discussion section, the main issue with the method seems to be the difficulty in solving the optimization problem on the group structure when the number of variables is large. The paper is quite clearly written, except for a lot of typos.

Minor Comments/Questions:

Just curious: Is there a simple characterization of "interaction" between two variables that does not depend on writing the entire model in equation (1)?
Line 169: I am almost certainly not fully understanding the usage here. Does this mean n -> infinity?
A sum (at i) is missing in equation (3).
Line 205: Perhaps "translation invariant kernel" is a more general term for "convolutional kernel" than "translation"
Typo:
Line 145: "on RHS" should be "on the RHS"
Line 152: "not only can the bias of \hat f{\lambda,G} reduces" should be "not only can the bias of \hat f{\lambda,G} reduce"
Line 160: "G^ exists and unique" should be "G^ exists and is unique"
Line 247: "turning parameters" should be "tuning parameters"
Algorithm 2: Line 1: "State with" should be "start with"
Line 251: "by compare" should be "by comparing".