This paper examines the minimax bounds for probability estimation under the constraint that the estimation must preserve the privacy of the individual data. The authors consider a definition of privacy called local privacy. They study two probability estimation problems, polynomial estimation and density estimation. In both problems, the authors have shown rapid minimax rates of convergence. They demonstrate that, for the discrete polynomial estimation problem, local privacy causes a quadratic reduction in the privacy parameter alpha in the effective sample size. Since alpha can often be seen as a small constant, the effective sample size is of the order of the non-personal case. For the density estimation problem, the authors demonstrate that the optimal rate for a non-personal setting can no longer be obtained if local privacy must be preserved.

The overall results are very interesting. As far as I can read, the evidence is correct. To my knowledge, the minimax bound for density estimation under the privacy constraint has not been considered before.

My main comment is that the minimax bound for polynomial estimation is closely related to previous work on the noise complexity for differential privacy, but it is not mentioned. In particular, two papers consider highly relevant problems, Hardt and Talwar, on the geometry of differential privacy, STOC, 2010; and Day, Lower bounds in differential privacy, TCC, 2012. These two papers study the worst-case lower bounds for the error of linear queries under the constraint of differential privacy. The probability estimation problem considered in this paper is actually a special case of the linear counting query studied in those two papers. Furthermore, the measures used for error are the same L_2 metric. The only difference is that this paper considers local differential privacy while Hardt and Talwar and Day consider differential privacy. Local privacy imposes a stronger constraint than differential privacy, and therefore the lower bounds for differential privacy are also lower bounds for local privacy. I wonder if the bound for local privacy given in this paper is better than the previous bounds for differential privacy.

For the density estimation problem, the statement of the result is a bit confusing. The authors say that the lower bound in the local privacy setting is greater than in the non-personal setting. But in this paper, the minimax bound is for the special case that the density can be expanded with a trigonometric basis. I wonder if the lower bound definition for the non-personal setting eq.(13) applies to the general Sobolev space given in Definition 1 or to the special case of a trigonometric basis. This is a fair comparison if the non-personal lower bound applies to the trigonometric basis.

Additional comments on refutations:
The response partially clarifies the connection to the previous worst-case lower bounds. But note the work of Nikolov, Talwar, and Zhang, Geometry of Differential Privacy: Rare and Assumed Cases (STOC 2013) also considers the mean square error. I suggest that the authors add their explanations and the missing references in the paper.

This paper proves the fast minimax bounds for PMF and PDF estimation with privacy guarantees. The results are interesting and the paper is well written. But the lack of mention of known results on the noise complexity lower bound for differential privacy is very relevant to this paper.