Summary: This paper presents a model for embedding words, phrases, and concepts in a vector space. To do this, it uses a non-ontology of concepts, each of which is mapped to a phrase. These phrases are found in a corpus of text and are considered atomic symbols. Using this, the paper primarily trains the embedding for words using the skip-gram method, which now includes atomic phrases and their related concepts. The proposed work is evaluated using UMLS and Yago to determine the similarity and relationship of concepts, which serves as a background non-ontology.

Strengths:
The main question of this paper is that phrases may be lexically close, even if they are not lexically identical, and moreover, not all phrases are inherently compound. To this end, this paper proposes a potential model for phrase embedding training. Trained embeddings have been shown to be competitive or better at identifying similarity between concepts.

The software published with this paper may be useful for biomedical NLP researchers.

Weaknesses:
The main weakness of this paper is that the model is not very new. It is essentially a slight modification of skip-gram.

Furthermore, the complete model presented in this paper does not seem to be the best in the results (Table 4). In two Myo datasets, the Choi baseline is quite good. A similar trend is seen in Table 6. In the larger UMLS-R dataset, the proposed model is the best competitor to the previous simpler models (Chiu).

General Discussion:
This paper states that it uses phrases known as distant supervision for embedding training. However, it is not clear what "supervision" actually means here. If I understand the paper correctly, each instance of a phrase associated with a concept provides context for word embedding training. But this is not supervision in the traditional sense (such as identifying concepts in text or other predictive tasks). Therefore, the terminology is somewhat misleading.

The notation introduced in Section 3.2 (E_W, etc.) is not used in the rest of the paper.

The use of \beta to control the compoundness of phrases by words is quite surprising. Basically, it is equivalent to saying that there is a single global constant that determines how "compound" a phrase should be. The surprising thing here is that the actual values of \beta selected through cross-validation from Table 3 are strange. It is zero for PM+CL and Wikinutty, which essentially argues against compoundness.

Some explanation of the experimental setup for Table 4 is needed. This paper states that the data determines the similarity/relationship between concepts (or entities). However, if the concept-phrase mapping is really many-to-many, how are phrase/word vectors used to calculate similarity? It seems we can only use concept vectors.

In Table 5, the approximate PHR method (which approximates concepts by the average of phrases within them) works best. Therefore, it is not clear why we need a concept non-ontology. Instead, we could have simply started with a seed set of phrases and gotten the same results.