The authors have presented a new core reference task specifically designed for Wikipedia. This task involves identifying the core reference chain that is uniquely associated with the entity on which the Wikipedia article is based. The authors have annotated 30 documents with all core reference chains, of which approximately 25% are related to the "main concept" of the article. They then describe some simple foundations and a basic classifier that surpasses these. Furthermore, they have integrated their classifier into the Stanford (rule-based) core reference system and have found it to be significantly advantageous over all of Wikipedia's more sophisticated systems.

I believe this paper offers an interesting twist on core reference that is better understood from a data extraction perspective, potentially revitalizing and stirring up core reference research, and could fill an interesting gap between core reference literature and entity linkage literature.

I am sometimes not satisfied with papers that create a new task that poorly performs standard systems and then propose a change to make their systems better. However, in this case, the original task itself is quite inspiring to me, and instead of the authors looking for a new domain to run things, it really feels like "here, wait, these standard systems work poorly in a setting that is actually quite important."

Task: The main concept resolution is an intriguing task from an IE perspective. I can often imagine where the documents primarily revolve around a particular entity (biographical document, dossier, or briefing about a person or event, clinical record, etc.) and where the information we want to extract is specific to that entity. The standard core reference task has always had a problem with a large number of references that can seem quite irrelevant to most IE problems (such as generic references), and this task undoubtedly consists of references that are actually important.

From a methodological point of view, the concept of a "main concept" provides a basis for discussion on core reference that is useful, but it seems there is still enough overhead to improve beyond the foundations, especially in the case of non-pronouninal references. Directly referencing knowledge on Wikipedia creates a more attractive opportunity for use, which the authors have illustrated here.

So I think this domain has the potential to be an interesting playground for ideas that will improve core reference overall, but it will be more difficult to get stronger improvements from it in a general setting, and it will be negligible compared to the work of dealing with other aspects of the problem.

Furthermore, unlike past work that has created a part of core reference (such as the Winograde Schema Work), this paper has a major impact on the overall core reference metrics of a domain (Wikipedia) that many in the ACL community are quite interested in.

Technique: Overall, the techniques are not the strong point of this paper, although they seem effective. The features seem quite understandable, but it seems that additional additions to these could help (and it is not clear whether the authors have experimented with this). The authors should have stated at the beginning of their work that their primary MC resolution system is a binary classifier; this was not clearly stated early enough, and the model was left undefined in the feature description.

Minor details:
Organization: I would probably present the dataset right after "Related Works" (i.e., it would have to be made into a new category 3) so that the real results can be given in the "base," which would further encourage the "view."

When section 4 mentions Dcoref and Scoref, you need to cite the Stanford papers or make it clear that it is the Stanford core reference system (many may not be familiar with the name Dcoref/Scoref).

The use of the term "Candidate List" was ambiguous, especially in the following section:
"We use the article's hyperlink structure to enrich the list of shallow semantic feature-rich references. For each link found within the article in question, we look at the Candidate List for all references that match the string on the link's page."

Please clarify that "Candidate List" is the set of references in the article that are potential candidates for being coreferent with the MC. I think most readers will understand that this module is about importing semantic information from Wikipedia's link structure (e.g., if a reference is hyperlinked to an article about a woman on Freebase, then that reference is a woman), so try to keep the terminology clear.

Section 6.1 says "We consider the union of WCR references and all references predicted by the method described in (Raghunathan et al, 2010)." However, does section 4.1 mean these are the same? I don't understand where the additional WCR references will be extracted from.