This paper presents a new approach for blind source separation. It formulates the problem as Additive Factorial HMM (AFHMM) and then applies the Signal Aggregate Construct (SAC). The underlying objective is that additional domain knowledge can be included to separate the time series into components. The example used in this paper is energy isolation, where if information related to the total (expected) use of each appliance is included, the components of household energy use (related to individual appliances) can be better separated. The maximum objective function for separation (which is the log of the backward distribution of the given hidden chain of observed data) is transformed into a convex optimization problem. The effectiveness of this method has been demonstrated in both a toy data set and real data obtained from household energy output readings.

The paper is technically sound and has a strong simulation section. As expected, this method performs better than regular AFMM and AFAMAP (a recently developed alternative method) – none of which include SAC. Improvements were significantly shown using a t-test. The authors also show that the optimization speed is comparable to AFAMAP. My only question in the results section is why the authors used so little noise variance in their toy example – could it be that they can separate the signals very well and other methods cannot? Some clarification here would be good, otherwise the problem seems "extra" toys and rather simple. Or are these signal-to-noise ratios common in real data? In this context, the authors could also comment on the signal/noise ratio between the mains reading and the aggregate appliance output in energy application.

The theoretical aspects of the paper are presented and are well-formed overall. This paper would probably benefit if the final method of the equation (6) were proven to be truly convex, as it is not very clear to me through the given arguments. Also, the theoretical scaling argument (relative to data length and number of hidden states) would benefit the paper and complement the simulation results. If these methods are used for larger data sets and state spaces, will they be easier and how will they differ from AFAMAP?

The paper is well-written and structured. The problem is nicely motivated in the introduction, with a clear description of relevant literature, although I am not very familiar with this problem, so I cannot say for sure that nothing is missing here. I am pointing out a minor (possible) error on page 4 (line 202), in the unnumbered equation before (6), where I think there should not be a comma in the subscript before object P, consistent with the notation before on page 3 (if new notation has not been introduced here?).

To my knowledge, the work is new and original, although I am not an expert, so I cannot comment on the significance of these results for the HMM community and the energy application being studied.

Appendix: The authors have answered my questions satisfactorily in the response section and I encourage them to make similar clarifications in the next version of their paper. This paper proposes a method for blind source separation using Additive Factorial HMM with Signal Aggregate Construct. This method performs very well compared to state-of-the-art methods, especially in the case of real data obtained from energy isolation problems.