This paper proposes an extension of theAdditive Factorial HMM model, where additional constraints are added to ensure that the sum of the individual chain outputs is close to some reasonable (known) ensemble values. The authors propose a convex relaxation of the MAP assumption and apply this algorithm to a real-world dataset consisting of homes with less than 100 frequency readings and homes with more than 10 frequency readings (but not every device monitored).

The concepts presented here are quite simple, and the authors use a relatively simple optimization formula to solve these problems, but the overall work is still impressive. The authors are applying these methods to a relatively large real-world dataset, and as a paper that combines both the application and the algorithmic components, I think it is a success. In my opinion, the comments below may help improve the paper:

One purpose of applying the AFAMAP constraint is that it can often improve the relaxation to achieve integer solutions. Does the SACAFHMM optimization formula also perform something similar, or does it still produce fewer errors in solving results despite having non-integer solutions? Some discussion on these topics would be very helpful as it would clarify the differences.

Fundamentally, it seems that the AFAMAP and SACAFHMM concepts are contradictory: the optimization formula for AFAMAP could also include SACAFHMM constraints. Although I do not expect any reaction on this matter during the author's response, I strongly encourage them to try it for their final version.

The authors seem to have confused the model and the optimization methods several times. For example, the comparison of results between "AFHMM" versus "AFAMAP" is not very accurate: AFAMAP is an algorithm for computing (approximate) MAP solutions of AFHMM, and I think here by AFHMM they actually mean Alternating Vector Bioptimization. Is this correct? This also leads to the above point, where the techniques of the various algorithms presented here can easily be combined and can actually perform better than the current method. The paper proposes an easy extension and optimization for a type of solution of AFHMM, but the results from the real-world data are impressive here, and overall the paper seems reasonable.