Section 4.1
[1] To clarify the contradiction, the question: the CRM approach only makes sense for a delta in [-1,0] (and therefore they propose rescaling a general loss to [-1,0]). I assume this should be the same for NORM-POEM here – meaning both (8) and (3) use a rescaling delta in [-1,0], right? In this case, I don't understand what it means to use "delta > 0" in the experiment in Table 1. Please clarify.
Other Comments:
Section 3 (or [1])
I'm missing something in the establishment of "Batch Learning from Logged Bandit Feedback": I think the response should also be seen as a random variable, not as a periodic function as presented in line 110. Here's my argument. Suppose the partial response is coming from a classification problem where we only don't know the labels, we only get the response by making a prediction and seeing what the loss is. Suppose a real classification loss is delta (y',y), and the way the response is generated is that, for a given input x, we make a prediction y using h_0; some god agent also labels the input y' to y; and then we tell us the loss delta (y',y) that we pick up (so here delta (x,y) is delta (y',y) for the y' given for this example). On the other hand, often in classification, we assume that labeling noise can occur and therefore not every x is assigned a unique y'. This means that elsewhere in the log, we might have the same x as the input, the same y that we played, but with a different delta (x,y) because the god agent just gave a different label for this one... So I think generally delta (x,y) should be seen as a random number (in the classification example above, for this random variable distributed according to the mean of y', this random variable should be expected to have a mean p (y'|x), which is the real noise labeling distribution).
This probably doesn't change anything about the risk estimator (2); but at least in (1), the setup with the real risk should be presented with an additional expectation on the randomness of the delta, so that it becomes more general.
Lines 170-171
I think it should be h (y | x) / h _ 0 (y | x).
Also, it might be worth mentioning that the lack of linearity was already pointed out in [1].
Line 276
You should probably put argmin instead of argmax because you are minimizing the risk...
Line 319
Replace the bar in the notation with a hat to be consistent with the previous conference.
Update after contradiction:
Thanks for the clarification. [Light Reviewer] Quality: 6 (out of 10) Clarity: 6 Originality: 8 Importance: 8 I think this is an interesting follow-up work on [1]. I find their analysis of "bias overfitting" interesting; and the idea of using a multiplier control variable to reduce it. The results show a clear improvement on POEM, a problem (Batch Learning from Logged Bandit Feedback) that is of increasing interest.