This paper presents a hybrid approach to solving prediction problems using both crowdsourced labels and a sequential (online) trained model; the core idea is to rely more on the crowd as the system grows, learn from the labels obtained in this way, and then use the crowd less and less as the model becomes more confident. This is done through a sophisticated framing of the problem as a stochastic game based on a CRF prediction model in which both the system and the crowd are players. The system can issue one or more queries q for token x (with the correct label y) that receive responses r, where each result has a utility U(q,r); thus, the system tries to choose the actions that will maximize the expected utility. Furthermore, the queries are not issued all at once, but at time s (with response time t); the utility is maximized with respect to t_deadline by which an answer needs to be computed (thus determining how many queries are sent, at what rate, etc.).

To calculate this expected utility, it is necessary to use the simulation dynamics model P(y,r,t|x,q,s) so that the utilities can be calculated according to (4). Given the utility values, the optimal action can be chosen; however, the constant time of execution makes it difficult to optimize and thus an estimate based on Monte Carlo tree search and TD learning (algorithm 1) is used. The experiments were conducted using four methods on a simplified named entity recognition (NER) task, a sentiment recognition task, and a face recognition task: a majority vote of n human judges (1,3,5), online learning (using the correct label), a "threshold" baseline (the authors' model but without constant time execution, in which m queries are sent in each step until the model prediction uncertainty is reduced below a threshold), and finally the authors' full model (LENSE). In terms of precision/recall/F1, the full model performs better than the 5-vote crowdsourced version, although the "threshold" baseline performs almost as well (and with lower latency for NER; see Table 2). The authors also show that the fewer crowdsourced labels needed over time when a sufficiently robust model is given to train the model (see Figure 3), and the accuracy is higher than online learning from the first example (Figure 4), because the system can take more advantage of crowd expertise while the model uncertainty is still higher.

This was indeed an interesting paper, and one that I hope can generate a lot of discussion and further work as well as adoption in practice. There have been many types of heuristic approaches to learning from the crowd when training the system, but this is the first complete and theoretical proposal I have seen. The results against a reasonable baseline are impressive. Thus, I think this work is highly original and important, and in my opinion it should be included in the conference. That being said, it is not as good on the clarity front, which unfortunately could reduce the potential impact of the paper. Many of these issues could be fixed (even getting ready for the camera) if the authors were willing to put in the time and effort and perhaps adjust the tone somewhat with respect to the "threshold" baseline versus the full constant time version.

The primary issue with clarity comes from the constant time execution, which starts in the middle of Section 3. Motivation is appropriate, that is, it may be necessary to work on a time (as well as cost) budget for each classification, but this has very little benefit experimentally, while the cost is that the construction and discussion (as well as the optimization process) become quite more complex.

In fact, in Table 2, it seems that the "threshold" baseline achieves a significantly lower latency on the NER task, while still achieving almost the same performance (marginally worse); it performs actually better on the face ID task (although still almost the same). The authors argue (l. 314) that the baseline performs better on the second task because it is a single label prediction task and there is no significant interaction between the labels - however, the NER task, which has such interaction, seems to benefit from it only marginally.

For many practical tasks, the "threshold" baseline would be good enough, and this is already a significant advantage (in terms of being a theoretical hybrid learning system that performs better than active and online learning).

The paper is likely to have a greater impact if the authors had clarified it in development, that is, the core method could be fully developed (without constant time execution, and thus would be easier to understand and implement), and the addition of constant time could be shown as an extension.

Similarly, when discussing the results, the authors could be more explicit that the performance of the "threshold" method is quite strong, even in cases where there is a sequence dependency between the tasks. This is a suggestion and not strictly necessary, as I think the paper is strong enough to be included, but I think it will improve the possibilities of understanding and adopting the paper and technique more broadly.

There are several minor issues regarding the results and how they are reported. First, the introduction states that the model "beats human performance" - but this is not true in the 5-vote case for NER; strangely the 5-vote case is missing for face-ID and sentiment tasks in many tables and figures (Table 2, Table 3 and the right half of Figure 4) - it should actually be included. Similarly, in Table 2, the results of the 5-vote case should be bolded because they represent the best performance. The delay value for the threshold in NER should also be bolded for the same reason (and the LENSE value for face ID). More importantly, the "threshold" baseline is missing for the sentiment experiment, and thus it does not appear in Table 3 or Figure 4 - again, it should actually be included.

Some minor comments regarding the method description:
 -While l.183-187 discusses t_deadline, it is not clear whether any t_deadline was used in the experiments, and what criteria were used to determine when an answer was ready to be reported - was it an entropy threshold with the baseline or was it reaching some t_deadline?
 -In equation (2), it seems that the distribution should also be given the variable s (that is, p(y,r,t|x,q,s).
 -In equation 5, the use of q in F(q) is very confusing - I assumed it referred to a query q, but in reality it only represents a nominal distribution function - please choose another letter, as there are too many to choose from.
 -In the description of the threshold baseline (l.246-252), I assume that the expression (1 - ptheta(yi|x))*0.3^m <= (1-0.88) should be (note the RHS) >= 0.88, because increasing m will reduce uncertainty, not increase it.

This paper presents a hybrid approach to solving prediction problems using both crowdsourced labels and a sequential (online) trained model, which is beautifully presented as a stochastic game that models several aspects of data, correct labels, and crowdworker responses, including the times at which queries are sent and answers are received. Impressive results have been shown in relation to a "threshold" baseline using several human labelers, online learning with oracle labels, and the authors' model, but the dependence on constant time execution, which performs equally well, has been removed. The method is original, novel, and interesting, and thus the paper should be accepted, but there are some issues with clarity, especially with regard to constant time execution, which makes the discussion and algorithmic mechanics very complex, yet seems to give minimal performance gains.