This paper discusses the convergence of EM algorithms (and iterative heuristics for maximum likelihood estimation) for learning spherical Gaussian mixtures and presents the following results, which show that it does not converge to a globally optimal value: 1. Even when the mixture contains 3 clusters that are very far apart and has an infinite number of samples, algorithms like EM can get stuck in local optima. 2. For k Gaussian mixtures, the probability of random starting for EM is very high, exp(-\Omega(k)). 3. gradient EM will not generally converge to a strict saddle point; therefore, a bad local optimum is usually the problem. This paper presents a consistent set of results that show that EM does not converge to a globally optimal value (even with an infinite number of samples). However, I think the results are not too surprising, and the techniques follow the expected path. The main bad example is a mixture with 3 components: two of them are close to each other, and the third is far from both. They show that for a log-probability objective, there is a local optimum with a center close to the first two components and two centers close to the distant cluster. This is fairly expected behavior, especially when the centers are separated by >> \sqrt{d}. Under this amount of separation, the clusters do not overlap, and the learning of spherical Gaussian mixtures is similar to k-means. Similar examples provide a bad example of Lloyd's algorithm for k-means clustering. This example is extended with a nice iterative construction for k components - it requires some effort, but it is also somewhat expected. Similarly, random starting fails for the same reasons as k-means clustering with the same probability of failure (for k-means, this serves as an inspiration to sort k logk centers or distance-squared samples). In conclusion, the results tell a consistent story about the lack of convergence to a globally optimal value, but I think it is somewhat expected. Comments: 1. Kumar-Kannan provides a guarantee of convergence for Lloyd's heuristic for k-means clustering (and therefore Gaussian mixtures under sufficient separation conditions). The Gaussians are not separate enough for EM to differ from Lloyd's heuristic (e.g., Balakrishnan- Wainwright-Yu), but when there is a large difference, they seem to be essentially the same (this is true in the case of the bad examples here). Therefore, I think a comparison with k-means (and Lloyd's heuristic) that also shows the contrast of this result would be very useful.