This paper discusses an Expectation-Maximization (EM) algorithm for estimating the set of average parameters for a model of Gaussian variable mixtures. The number of Gaussian variables, the weights of the mixtures, and the covariance matrices of the Gaussian variables are known and fixed. This paper provides three negative results for theoretical and EM algorithms: 1) Even for large sample sizes, the local maximum of the probability function can exist, where the probability values can be intentionally smaller than the maximum probability value. 2) Randomly initialized EM algorithms converge to a critical point with a high probability, where the probability value is intentionally smaller than the maximum probability value. 3) The same negative results apply to gradient EM algorithms. I believe the question this paper addresses is interesting and worthy of attention. To obtain rigorous proof, this paper is limited to a simplified mixture of Gaussian variable models: the number of components is known, the weights are known, and the covariance matrices are identical. I do not believe that these simplifications are a problem, as the proofs are already technical, and the results obtained are already informative. In my opinion, these results are very interesting and may help to better understand EM algorithms in practice. Note that this paper was written addressing a general dimension d case, while the proofs address a d=1 case. Perhaps the authors could have written if similar proof was possible for an intentionally d dimension case, and if not, they would have briefly mentioned the additional difficulties of the d greater than 1 case. My only concern with this paper is the proof of Theorem 1 (unfortunately, I did not read the proofs in the supporting materials). I believe this proof is too short, and I would have liked it to be longer, but some discussions in the paper are summarized. The part of the proof that I think should provide more detailed information is lines 288 to 306. The authors provide the limit of the absolute value of the probability function over some domain (such as gamma or R going to infinity). I have no problem with calculating the limit of the probability function in evaluating the fixed parameters, so, for example, I believe the three equations in line 288 should be correct. Nevertheless, obtaining a maximum value limit is not entirely clear to me, when the domain depends on the parameters going to infinity or infinity. Similarly, the authors mention in some places that the probability function is continuous, but this does not directly refer to the types of convergence mentioned in the paper, in my opinion. I believe more detailed information, and therefore a longer proof, is needed, so that the reader can be fully convinced of the validity of the proof of Theorem 1. Finally, I have another minor concern with the part of the paper from line 162 to line 172 regarding gradient EM. I found this part harder to follow than the rest of the paper. In particular, perhaps the authors could have provided more explanation on how to obtain equation (5).