This paper discusses the existence of local modes within the log-probability of Gaussian mixture models. It considers the simplest mixture model: a known scaled isotropic Gaussian component. Additionally, the model is well-defined. The authors demonstrate that local modes exist even when infinite data is available, and these are intentionally worse than global optima when measured by the difference in log-probability between local and global optima. The paper focuses on specific configurations, particularly where the mixing centers are well-separated between clusters. Under such a configuration, the authors show that random initialization will almost certainly move EM away from the global optima as the number of components increases. The paper is well-written, with some errors here and there. I have two main doubts about the practical relevance of this paper. 1. Theorem 1 shows that there are local modes in the log-probability, even when infinite data is available. The authors show that this mode exists if a specific configuration of centers is chosen. My question is: what is the probability of this configuration occurring in reality? If the authors had made some assumptions about the distribution of centers and shown that the "bad" configurations gradually increase as the number of components (k) or the problem size increases, I would be more confident about the practical relevance of this paper. The paper's L210 to L218 states that Theorem 2 solves these concerns, but I am not sure it does. It would be better to clearly state how likely the "bad" configurations are under certain assumptions. Here, I am not talking about "bad" initialization, but rather "bad" configuration (the location of the actual centers). 2. Theorem 2 works with the EM algorithm's initialization. The authors consider randomly sampling from the mixture and initializing the component centers. With this initialization, and under the specific configuration of centers, EM often fails to converge to the global optima. Now, let's consider the case where the data is generated using 3 Gaussians, with 2 close to each other and one far away. If we have N data-points from each Gaussian, then 2N points will fall close to the first cluster and N points will fall close to the 3rd density. It seems very strange to me that someone could initialize EM with 2 centers where there are only N points and 1 center where there are N observations, especially when the two clusters are very well separated from each other. Is random initialization practically relevant if the data is clearly clustered? L74-81 I am not sure what the example in line 74-81 is trying to convey. It didn't make sense to me that the Sresbro assumption is true if k = 2, so what is the purpose? L233-235 I understand condition (2) here, but I don't understand why condition (1) is needed. Do you mean that if you place a center between 2 clusters, you cannot guarantee that it will go to the correct cluster? L267-273 The authors have proven that EM is less likely to converge to saddlepoints. From a practical point of view, why is this result important? Is converging to saddlepoints more problematic than converging to local optima? Minorpoints: L18 "We further show gradient EM algorithm" add "that the" before "gradient". L38 "quality of the estimate" maybe "estimates" is better. L60 "to characterize when it is that efficient algorithms..." I guess here you really mean "to characterize under which conditions efficient algorithms..." L138 Just to be clear: O(d^1/2)-separated means that all densities are c-separated, with c being O(d^1/2). L172 Isn't this sentence redundant? Please reformulate it or remove it. L177 "this is equivalent of sampling " maybe "equivalent to" is better. L218 I don't understand what a "well-separated" constant is. L220 "initialized by the the random initialization" L225 I don't know what \Omega (k) means. L245 "unfortunate coincident for one single algorithm" used "coincidence" instead. L249 "Recall for uniform weighted" add "that" after "recall" L308 "And claim when" add "that" after "claim"