This paper discusses the formation of local extreme values of the log-probability function of the Gaussian mixture model (where the equal mixing weights and covariance are identical). Three related results are presented: 1. It provides a counter-example to show that local extreme values exist (when k = 3 and d=1), whose probabilities are intentionally worse than the global extreme values. 2. They show that starting randomly, the probability of a bad local extreme value not converging can be exponentially smaller as k decreases, when the Gaussian mean is configured in a specific way. 3. They further show that gradient EM almost certainly does not converge at the saddle point of the log-probability function. Summary: This paper discusses the formation of local extreme values of the log-probability function of the Gaussian mixture model (where the equal mixing weights and covariance are identical). Three related results are presented: 1. It provides a counter-example to show that local extreme values exist (when k = 3 and d=1), whose probabilities are intentionally worse than the global extreme values. 2. They show that starting randomly, the probability of a bad local extreme value not converging can be exponentially smaller as k decreases, when the Gaussian mean is configured in a specific way. 3. They further show that gradient EM almost certainly does not converge at the saddle point of the log-probability function. Technical Quality I have only examined the evidence of the original paper (Theorem 1), and I believe the evidence is correct. After reading the analysis of Theorem 1, I believe the idea of the proof of Theorem 2 also seems reasonable, although I have not examined the details in the appendix. All three theorems are well explained after their statements. Novelty and Originality This paper connects the average configuration of the GMM to the local extreme values of its log-probability function. I believe this observation, although intuitive, is very original. And I believe the main idea of Theorem 2, based on Theorem 1, that the hierarchical group structure of the true mean determines the local extreme values for k > 3, is also very clever. Potential Impact and Usefulness I believe the results can have a good impact in both theory and practice: theoretically, it can inspire the study of local optima structures of related clustering tasks, such as k-means problems; it may also be interesting to test whether their results in Lemma 7 are also applicable to d > 1; in practice, it shows the importance of seeding a sufficient number of points in each actual cluster and will probably provide some insights into designing new algorithms. Clarity and Presentation This paper has done a very good job of presenting their results and explaining the intuition of their analysis. It clearly presents the structure of the problem and provides the intuition and explanation of all their analyses.