Based on a basic task involving accelerated mirror descent and continuous-time ODEs, the authors have extended ODE dynamics with more general averaging methods and proposed a new adaptive averaging technique for its discretization. In some cases, the new form of adaptive averaging surpasses existing AMD algorithms with the re-introduction. The proposed adaptive averaging technique brings an interesting novelty and a good idea. Although the paper looks good overall, its originality and applicability are a major concern. - Most of the components (such as the Lyapunov function, discretization, etc.) directly follow from a basic NIPS paper [7]. The extension from general averages to generalized averages is somewhat trivial and not very useful, as the authors ultimately only consider quadratic rates; a higher-order method would be needed for faster rates, which is not always applicable. - Some results, such as the explanation of power functions, reconstruction in prime form, reduction in replicator dynamics, create a better understanding of the acceleration mirror descent algorithm, but are not significantly important in the advancement of machine learning. - Although the adaptive averaging method was introduced to fulfill sufficient conditions for ensuring the convergence of ODEs, it is not entirely theoretically grounded due to the approximation of আসন্ন values during discretization. Nevertheless, no clear convergent results have been provided, meaning it is again a heuristic, as the authors noted. Also, there are various averaging schemes for the Nester's acceleration algorithm; without comparing with other options, it is not clear whether this adaptive form makes a big difference. - The test is not sufficiently attractive or convincing to demonstrate the advantages of adaptive averaging in a toy example with only quadratic/linear objectives, especially for strongly convex fields. == Post-reboot answer == I have read the authors' rebuttal and they promise that they will - add additional high-dimensional and non-quadratic examples for correction - discuss the theoretical proof of the convergence of adaptive averaging - implementation of adaptive averaging in Nesterov's cubic-regular Newton method - comparing with other adaptive averaging methods. I have updated my score accordingly.