This paper contributes a statistical method for "stitching" together sets of neurons that have been imaged sequentially. Such a method expands the size of the population for which the population dynamics can be characterized beyond the number of neurons imaged together, and provides a better image of the circuit that cannot be imaged as a whole due to experimental and technical limitations. The method is then applied to simulated data as well as experimental calcium imaging data in mice. The authors showed that they can estimate correlations in variability between two populations that were not imaged together.

The authors model the problem as a latent dynamic system with missing observations. In this case, they used a simple linear Gaussian system. Four parameters were defined in the model: a functional coupling matrix, a stimulation receptive field matrix that models the stimulation dependence of population activity, and two covariance matrices for the neural and measurement noise. The parameters were estimated from experimental data using a type of standard EM algorithm.

Quality
The model works well with two non-overlapping populations of neurons on simulated data, but a certain level of overlap must occur to obtain reasonable results when applied to a real data population. It is clear that the higher the overlap, the better the results will be, the question is why overlap was not necessary in the simulated data example?

Furthermore, the authors have not addressed the source of the great difference in correlation shown when applying the model to simulated data, as in Figure 2c, and real data in Figure 3b.

The beauty of the model is the recovery of pairwise correlations between non-simultaneously measured neuron pairs.

Clarity
The paper is well-written, although not all figure legends are sufficiently descriptive and the text related to the figures in the main body of the paper does not elaborate enough on the data.

Originality
The authors list several tasks that have addressed the question of estimating functional connectivity from 2-photon imaging data or electrophysiological measurements. However, these tasks do not estimate the functional connections of non-simultaneously imaged neurons.

Significance
There are several fundamental limitations to the number of neurons that can be imaged together. Of course, this limits our abilities to reveal the nature of neural computation at the circuit level (or more than a few hundred cells). This paper suggests a method to expand these limited capabilities.

Overall, this is a good model paper, which uses a relatively simple linear dynamics model and captures measures that would otherwise not be easy to recover.