This paper demonstrates that you can estimate the network properties of a large network by sequentially recording from sub-networks and then combining the resulting sub-models. Extended to process data, it can be applied to a large number of datasets where several channels are typically transmitted every day. I am not really aware of any similar work (J.W. Pillow and P. Latham, "Neural Characterization in a Partially Observed Population of Spiking Neurons" comes closest), and it seems like a powerful idea.

In practice, it is unclear to what extent this method is limited to data that is close to linear-Gaussian, and I don't get a good sense from the paper how fitting can break from perception to different deviations. In the extreme case, where a complete model can be inferred from a subset (up to linear transformations of latent dimensions, as the authors state), it is unclear how much additional information about the coupling matrix is obtained from adding another subset, rather than, say, using more data from only one of the subsets.

Another issue that raises some questions is whether the model works on real data only when there is some overlap between the two populations? Obviously, this suggests that linear-Gaussian simulated data does not tell the whole story, but it would be good to have at least some intuition as to what overlap does to better limit the model.

In experiments on real data, where linearity perception probably breaks, it should also be surprising that the explained noise correlations (which are well-fitted, the couplings themselves are hardly related to the real couplings in 3b) are due to general input and not due to direct, pair-wise couplings. I would assume that noise correlations can be better modeled with latent variables than with couplings.

The authors devote a lot of space to introductions and discussion, but shed terrible light on the details of the estimation. The equation for the M stage is presented as a main contribution at the bottom of page 3, but is not really explained or derived. Perhaps this is a trivial result for LDS experts, but it will reduce the novelty of the paper a lot. I think the authors had a very good idea, but it needs to be explained better to properly convey the importance of the result.

A clean idea tested against real data, but some details are not clear.