The authors propose a generalization of the Bayesian non-parametric stochastic block model in a hierarchical setting, so that a hierarchy can be inferred instead of flat clustering of entities based on observed links between them. They propose a learning algorithm based on aggregation clustering to select a tree representing a valid possible partition of entities. They then present empirical results from two datasets of social connectivity data and conclude that their method is both faster and more accurate than the Infinite Relational Model (IRM), a widely used model for this type of task.

I believe this paper addresses an interesting issue that will be of interest to a significant portion of the NIPS audience. On the technical side, Bayesian non-parametric methods, while appealing from a conceptual perspective, are often quite slow in practice. On the problem domain side, social scientists are increasingly using sophisticated Bayesian models to analyze data, and therefore a hierarchical extension for a popular network-discovery model should be appreciated. This paper sheds light on both of these issues.

The main insight is that by restricting the allowed partitions to conform to a tree structure, the marginal probability of data can be efficiently computed. IRM must necessarily consider the exponential number of possible partitions of data. However, I was somewhat confused as to how the tree's learning process relates to the generative story behind the Bayesian model. Since it is greedy, I don't think it can be seen as performing a true posterior estimate on the tree's distribution or finding some kind of point MAP or ML estimate. But I could be wrong. I would advise the authors to improve the clarity of Section 4.

I found the results impressive. In terms of several performance measures (AUC, predictive LLH, accuracy), the proposed method performed equally or slightly better than IRM, which is the closest competitor. While the asymptotic improvements in these scores are perhaps not as impressive, the claimed runtime is several times faster than IRM estimation.

I think the overall clarity and writing quality could be improved. First, there is a series of distracting spelling and grammar errors (for example, line 126). Second, the prose is sometimes difficult to understand. There are some ambiguous phrases in the introduction (lines 47-50) (what are the 'local changes' in this setting? What are the 'iterations' related to? An iteration of an MCMC algorithm?), for example. The authors do not clearly describe the content of the datasets they train ( मठ datasets and NIPS authorship), which can confuse readers who are not already familiar with them. I sometimes found the math somewhat vague and unnecessary, such as equation 5. I also found figure 3 confusing. Being unfamiliar with the मठ dataset, it is not clear which method is performing best. Perhaps a dataset that more readers are familiar with would be helpful. Section 4, which presents the paper's original novel contribution, had to be read several times to understand.

However, if these issues can be overcome, I believe there is enough novelty in the proposed approach and the results are strong enough to justify the publication.

The authors propose a novel model of graph edge structure that can be seen as a Bayesian version of aggregation clustering inspired by IRM. I found the original learning algorithm practical and the empirical results robust, but the writing quality needs improvement. The authors propose a novel model of graph edge structure that can be seen as a Bayesian version of aggregation clustering inspired by IRM. I found the original learning algorithm practical and the empirical results robust, but the writing quality needs improvement.