This paper proposes an integrated approach for scalable clustering of network networks in hierarchical communities. Previous work on the Bayesian tree [12] remains essentially unchanged, except for the (possibly non-binary) tree and algorithm structure. The approach to handling the network has been directly modified, and a little more work allows for efficient caching of sufficient data. The presentation is very clear, and the experiments favorably compare with a baseline model with a flat community structure, but lack comparison with other hierarchical network models.

Significance and Related Work:
This paper is generally well-written and technically sound. The presentation in Section 3 is particularly dense, and I wonder if there could be a simpler way to note and explain parts based on (9) and its underlying structure.
Since the comparison is limited to models that do not incorporate hierarchy in their underlying structure, the experiments mostly show how modeling hierarchy is beneficial for relational datasets, but not that they are better than other hierarchical methods currently available. For example, there are at least two papers that model the underlying hierarchical community structure in a hierarchical way. "Multiscale Community Block Model for Network Exploration" (Ho et al. 2012) used a nested CRP, and "Mondrian Process" (Roy et al. 2009) defined a novel stochastic process that results in hierarchical structures on a k-d tree. The paper fails to mention these two Bayesian non-parametric models that could potentially enable the discovery of a more sophisticated underlying structure.

Originality and Clarity:
The model considered here appears to be a Bayesian tree with a standard block-model probability. So, the innovation is how this new probability changes the way to recursively update sufficient data in greedy clustered clustering. The probability can be computed in O (nodes + edges) time, which is certainly a good feature. Unfortunately, the details are not very good - (10) indicates dynamic programming, but the details are difficult to understand. Regarding the recursive update of sufficient data, there are some equations, but it is not very helpful to understand why they are correct.

Terminology:
It is questionable whether the "non-parametric" terminology is appropriate here - Blundell et al. [12] framed the tree approach in terms of model selection, and compared it with non-parametric methods in their discussion. I agree with their explanation.

Experiments:
Qualitative experiments on Sampson are fine, and the comparison with IRM is good in terms of showing the benefits of averaging over several hypotheses when predictions are being made. Again, the biggest limitation is the lack of comparison with other hierarchical network models. There is some discussion about scalability, but none of the networks tested here are particularly large.
Previous work on Bayesian trees with stochastic block model probabilities for networks efficiently integrates, and generalizes efficient clustered clustering methods for this scenario. This allows for effective hierarchical community discovery in experiments, but lacks comparison with other hierarchical network models.