This paper proposes a new approach for time-sensitive recommendations based on user activity. It differs from existing methods because it addresses the problem of time-sensitive user preferences. The paper also discusses predicting a user's next return time. Learning is completed using an efficient optimization algorithm proposed by the authors. The results of a synthetic dataset are shown in the experimental section, which is intended to demonstrate how effectively learning can be achieved on large-scale data and two medium-sized real datasets.

Firstly, is the problem of time-sensitive user preferences really so widespread? It would be good to analyze the real datasets obtained through testing to make this claim. If so, is it mainly changing due to the release of new popular songs? Or is there another pattern behind it?

What is the purpose behind predicting a user's next return time? Could you please explain this before claiming it as a contribution to a research paper? How can a web company use this prediction and for what?

I think there are some simple bases for predicting the next return time that have not been tested: 1) Last delay 2) Maximum delay. Also, I think it is very difficult to predict a user's actual return time. Instead, I want to focus on a simpler task that is easier to predict. For example, predicting whether a user will have a short delay (1-5 days), a medium delay (5-14 days), a long delay (14-33 days), or a very long delay (>33 days) before re-using our service.

Experimental section: It was difficult for me to understand how important performance is compared to SVD. Is it groundbreaking (order of magnitude) or slight? Will the user experience a difference? How will these recommendations compare to recommending popular items? In many cases, this is a difficult basis, especially if popular items are recalculated daily.

Small comments:
1) A printing error in the last paragraph of page 3: "and able to capture", abel -> able
2) In the first paragraph of section 2, you start mentioning creating retweets and links on social networks without any reference. The context change was misleading... it's better to rewrite it. This paper discusses two problems: time-sensitive recommendations and user return time, but there is no real purpose as to why these problems are relevant and what impact solving them will have. Several bases and analyses are missing (detailed below). Also, okay overall/marginal paper.