The authors present a new implementation of the encoder-decoder neural MT, which adopts an approach that starts and ends with characters, but works with morphemes and character representations in between.

The authors also release their code and their final learned models for fr-en, cs-en, and en-cs. This helps validate their work, as well as for those who want to replicate and extend it.

The demonstrated system appears to produce reasonably good translation results even after the first training epoch, and continues to improve in future epochs.

The system seems capable of learning proper morphological tokenization, and also seems capable of handling previously unseen words (even non-native words) by going back to morphemes.

The authors do not explicitly state on which WMT test and dev set their results were reported to. This is problematic for readers who want to compare the reported results with existing work (for example, results on matrix.statmt.org). The only way for this reviewer to obtain this information was to look in the code supplement's README, which indicates that the test set was newstest2015 and the dev test was newstest2013. This should have been clearly described in the paper.

The instructions in the software README are fine, but not very good. Each of the training and test sections could be enhanced with clear examples of how to run the relevant commands. The software itself should respond to the --help flag, which is currently not the case.

The paper describes a 6-layer architecture, but Figure 2 shows fewer layers than in Diagram 6. What's going on? The captions should be more explicit, and if the figure is not showing all the layers, there should be a figure somewhere (even if it's in an appendix) that shows all the layers.

The results show comparisons with other character-based neural systems, but do not show state-of-the-art results for other types of MT systems. WMT (and matrix.statmt.org) have reported results for other systems on these datasets, and it seems that the state-of-the-art is much higher than any of the results reported in this paper. This should be acknowledged, and ideally discussed.

There are a handful of minor English errors, incorrect spellings, and minor LaTeX problems, such as inverted quotation marks. These should be fixed.

The paper is a good contribution to the existing literature on character-based neural MT.