This paper proposes combining trajectory optimization with policy learning to enable interactive control of complex characters. The main proposal is to learn path and policy jointly, with additional empirical insights that separating two optimization problems into alternative sub-problems enables i) the reuse of existing, well-documented methods, and ii) functioning adequately well in practice. While I can understand this paper well, I am not immersed enough in this domain to comment on the potential impact of this paper, which certainly seems like a technical skill on the surface, even though it lacks any novel theoretical insights.

The authors combine an impressive level of technical sophistication at all levels, from concepts to their implementation, with equally impressive results. I found that the claims of using sensory noise during training and trajectory learning combined with policy were clearly demonstrated.

I also found that the paper was clearly written, which I think is an appropriate level of detail given the complexity of the problem and its implementation. Each section considers a different aspect of the problem, and there are very useful cross-references between the sections.

I think the motivations behind the additional optimization sets given in Section 7 could have been better explained. At this stage, given what was announced in the previous sections, I was expecting the policy to run somehow without requiring any additional optimization.

Is this because there is always a residual trajectory cost (or policy regression error?) that errors will accumulate from feeding the action given by the policy into a physical simulator? I would imagine that further development of the dynamics takes into account physical constraints so that there is no physical impossibility in any way, but am I missing something? However, I appreciate that by re-optimizing at each time-step you can use larger time-steps.

l153: Similar to recent approaches... Could you perhaps provide one or two references? It doesn't seem intuitive to me that keeping updates to the parameter space small would generally be a sensible thing, although in the end I understood that it is useful in a scenario like yours where you are block-alternating between sub-problems.

Typo: l89: To integrate. The results of the paper seem quite impressive, and the proposed optimization scheme + implementation seems sensible to me. Although this research area is a bit off my radar, so it is difficult for me to be convinced about novelty and importance.