The authors have created a scalable approximate inference algorithm for the "triangular model" of networks. They have created a robust subclass of the model by sharing parameters in a clever way, and they use Stochastic Variational Inference to estimate backgrounds with very large networks. The paper is well-written and well-edited. I think it is acceptable.

p1: What is "parsimonious" modeling? I don't think it's a general expression in the context of probabilistic models. (I may be wrong about that.) I suggest expressing the word in a sentence because it's important for the paper.

p1: From Gopalan and others, zeroing out during down-sampling does not reduce accuracy. Your opening sentence is misleading.

p4: I sympathize that the triangular model is fine from a practical point of view, but I don't think it's fair to appeal to LDA. If we run LDA's generative process, we will get something that is "one" document, even if it is a dummy, even if it is not real. Running your model, however, may create objects that are not networks. Again, this doesn't bother me---it's a good and practical model---but it's not appropriate to support it through LDA.

p5: You should quote Hoffman and others, Amari and Sato. In your situation, where there are "local variables" (in Hoffman's words), Sato's algorithm is not applicable. The necessary theory is in Hoffman.

p6: How did you create a power law network in a latent space? The paper is unclear on this point.

p6: You have previously quoted Gopalan and others as a way to speed up MMSB. Your MMSB batch should be compared to their algorithm (or rather).

Small comment

p2: Mixture-membership -> Mixed-membership

p8: I suggest removing the last sentence. The last-to-last sentence is a strong way to end the paper.

In the bibliography, quote the JMLR version of "Stochastic Variational Inference".

The authors have created a scalable approximate inference algorithm for the "triangular model" of networks. They have created a robust subclass of the model by sharing parameters in a clever way, and they use Stochastic Variational Inference to estimate backgrounds with very large networks. The paper is well-written and well-edited. I think it is acceptable.