This paper studies the convergence of EM algorithms (and the recursive heuristic for maximum likelihood estimation) for learning spherical Gaussian mixtures, and presents the following results showing non-convergence in global maxima: 1. Even when the mixture has 3 clusters that are very far apart and with infinite samples, algorithms like EM can get stuck in local optima. 2. For mixtures of k Gausses, random initialization for EM succeeds with the maximum probability exp(-\Omega(k)). 3. Gradient EM will generally not converge in strict saddle points; therefore, it is generally a bad local maxima problem. This paper presents a consistent set of results showing that EM does not converge in global maxima (even with infinite samples). However, I think the results are not too surprising, and the techniques also follow expected lines. The main bad example is a mixture with 3 components: two of them are close to each other, and the third is far from both. They show that for the log-probability objective, there is a local maxima with one center in the first two components, and two centers in the far-far cluster. This is quite expected behavior, especially when the centers >> \sqrt{d} are different. Under this amount of separation, the clusters do not overlap and become similar in taste to the spherical Gaussian learning mixture k-means. Similar examples provide bad examples of Lloyd's algorithm for k-means clustering. This example has been extended to k components with a good recursive construction – it requires some effort, but is still somewhat expected. Similarly, random initialization fails for similar reasons as with k-means clustering with similar failure probability (for k-means, this acts as an incentive to choose k logk centers, or distance-squared samples). In conclusion, while the results tell a consistent story about non-convergence in global maxima, I think it is somewhat along expected lines. Comments: 1. Kumar-Kannan provide a convergence guarantee for Lloyd's heuristic for k-means clustering (and therefore for Gaussian mixtures under sufficient separation conditions). While EM differs from Lloyd's heuristic when the Gausses are not sufficiently separated (as in Balakrishnan-Venराइट-Yu), they essentially appear when there is large separation (this is true for the bad examples here). Therefore, I think a comparison with k-means (and Lloyd's heuristic) that also compares this result would be very useful.