This paper addresses the expectation-maximum (EM) algorithm for estimating a set of average parameters for a Gaussian mixed model. The number of Gaussian variables, the weights of the mixture, and the Gaussian covariance matrix are known and fixed. This paper is theoretical and proves three negative consequences for the EM algorithm: 1) even for large sample sizes, there can be local maxima for the likelihood function, whose probabilities can be arbitrarily small from the maximum likelihood. 2) an EM algorithm randomly starts convergence at a critical point, which is highly probable, whose probability is arbitrarily small from the maximum likelihood. 3) the same negative consequence applies to the gradient EM algorithm. I think the question addressed by the paper is interesting and noteworthy. To obtain rigorous proof, the paper is limited to a simplified mixed model of Gaussian variables: the number of components is known, the weights are known and the same, and the covariance matrix is equal to the identity. I don't think these simplifications are a problem, given that the proof is already technical, and the results obtained are already informative. In my opinion, these results are very interesting and can be useful for better understanding the EM algorithm in practice. It should be noted that the paper is written as if it addresses the case of a general dimension D, while the proof addresses the case D = 1. Perhaps the author could write whether the same proof would be possible for an arbitrary dimension D, and if not, the additional difficulties of the case greater than 1 are briefly mentioned. My only concern about the paper is the proof of theorem 1 (unfortunately, I did not read the proof in the supplementary material). I think this proof is too short, and I would prefer it to be shorter, shortening some of the discussions in the paper. The part of the proof where I think more detail should be given is from line 288 to 306. The author provides a limit on the peak of the likelihood functions on some domains (such as gamma or R going to infinity). I have no problem calculating the limits of the likelihood functions evaluating some parameters, so that, for example, I assume that three equations in line 288 should be true. Still, obtaining the limit of the maximum is not entirely clear to me when the domain is unbounded or depends on those parameters that go to infinity. Similarly, the author mentions in some places that the likelihood function is continuous, but this does not directly mean that the type of convergence mentioned in the paper, in my opinion. I think more detail, and therefore a longer proof, is necessary so that the reader can be fully convinced of the validity of the proof of theorem 1. Finally, I have another small concern with the part of the paper that addresses gradient EM, from line 162 to line 172. I found this part more difficult than the rest of the paper. In particular, perhaps the author could give more clarification on how equation (5) is obtained.