This research paper concerns the existence of local modes in the log-probability of the Gaussian mixture model. It considers the simplest possible mixture model: isotropic Gaussian components with known scales. Furthermore, the model is well-specified. The authors show that local modes exist, even with infinite data available, and these modes are arbitrarily poor in terms of the difference in log-probability between the local and global optimal. This paper focuses on specific configurations, particularly cases where the mixing centers are well-separated. Under such a configuration, the authors show that the random initialization will be such that the EM almost certainly misses the global optimal, as the number of components increases. The paper is well-written, with occasional typing errors. I have two main doubts about the practical relevance of this paper. 1. Theorem 1 shows that local modes exist in the log-probability, even with infinite data available. The authors show that this mode exists when a particular configuration of centers is chosen. My question is: how likely is this configuration to occur in practice? I would feel more confident about the practical relevance of this paper if, for example, the authors made some assumptions about the distribution of the centers, and then showed that the "poor" configuration is likely to increase rapidly with the number of components (k) or the dimensionality of the problem. The paper from L210 to L218 states that Theorem 2 addresses these concerns, but I am not sure it does. It would be good to clearly state how likely the "poor" configuration is under certain assumptions. Note that here I am talking about a "poor" configuration (the correct center position), not a "poor" initialization. 2. The initialization of the EM algorithm in Theorem 2 is useful. The authors consider initializing the centers of the components by taking a random sample of the mixture. With this initialization, and under a specific configuration of centers, the EM very often fails to converge on the global optimal. Now, we consider the situation where the data is generated using 3 Gaussians, of which 2 are close and one is far. If we have the same number of data points N from each Gaussian, then 2N points will be closer to the first cluster and N will be closer to the third density. It seems very strange that someone could initialize the EM by placing 2 centers where there are only N points and 1 center where there are N observations, especially considering that both clusters are very well separated from each other. Is the random initialization practically relevant when the data is clearly clustered? L74-81 I am not sure what the example means on lines 74-81. It does not convince me that the Sresbro estimate applies when k = 2, what is the purpose of this? L233-235 I understand the requirement (2) here, but I don't know why requirement (1) is needed. You mean, if you initialize a center between 2 clusters, you can't guarantee that it will move towards the correct cluster? L267-273 The authors have proven that the EM is unlikely to converge at the saddlepoint. From a practical point of view, why is this result important? Is convergence at the saddlepoint more or less problematic than convergence at the local optimal? MINORPOINTS: L18 "We further show the gradient EM algorithm" "Add "gradient" before "that". L38 "The quality of the estimate" Perhaps "estimate" is better. L60 "To describe when it is an efficient algorithm..." I think here you really mean "To describe in what circumstances it is an efficient algorithm..." L138 Just to be clear: O (d ^ 1 / 2) - separating means that all densities are c-separated, c means O (d ^ 1 / 2). L172 Isn't this sentence redundant? Please rewrite it or remove it. L177 "This is equivalent to the sample" Perhaps "equal to" is better. L218 I don't understand what the "well-separated" constant is. L220 "Initialized by random initialization" L225 I don't know what \omega (k) means. L245 "An unfortunate coincidence for a single algorithm" Instead used "coincidence". L249 "Remember for a uniform weight" After "remember" add "claim". L308 "And claim when" After "claim" add "claim".