This paper presents the first broad-coverage semantic parser for UCCA, a specific method of graph-based semantic representation. Unlike CoNLL semantic dependency graphs, UCCA graphs can contain "non-terminal" nodes that do not represent words in strings. Unlike AMR, UCCA graphs are "grounded," meaning the authors believe that text tokens are displayed as nodes in the semantic representation. The authors have presented several parsing methods, including a transition-based parser that directly creates and evaluates UCCA parsers.

Since UCCA and UCCA-annotated data exist, it seems reasonable to create a semantic parser for UCCA. However, the introduction and background sections seem incorrect to me, as they likely argue that UCCA is the only graph-based semantic representation (SR) method worth studying. This is unacceptable to me, and it also seems unnecessary – a good UCCA parser itself could be a great contribution.

I do not fully agree with the three criteria the authors mention in the introduction for semantic representation methods. For example, it is unclear to me whether "non-terminal nodes" add any expressive power. Of course, it may be difficult to determine what the key word is in an integrated structure, but what exactly can be represented only through a non-terminal node and not through more informative edge labels?

Also, the question of isolation does not arise in SRs that are not "grounded." The advantages of "grounded" representations over AMR-style representations are not clear to me. I also believe that the term "grounded" has been used enough in the last decade for various concepts of semantics, and it will encourage authors to find another ("anchored"? "lexicalized"). Therefore, I think the entire introduction section of the paper should be written and reasoned with more caution.

The parser itself seems fine, although I have not examined the details. However, I did not find the evaluation results very impressive. In the "primary" edges, even a simple মাল্টparser surpasses the BSP parser presented here, and in the "secondary" edges, the F-scores (which a dependency-tree parser like মাল্ট cannot directly calculate) are not very high. Moreover, the conversion of dependency graphs into dependency trees, called "tree approximations," has been quite studied in the context of the tasks shared on semantic dependency parsing in CoNLL 2014 and 2015 (although without "non-terminal" nodes). Several authors have proposed methods for reconstructing the deleted edges in graph-to-tree conversion; for example, Agic et al. (2015), "Semantic dependency graph parsing using tree approximations" discusses the issues involved in this reconstruction in detail. By including such methods, the F-score of মাল্টparser (and the LSTM-based মাল্টparser!) can be further improved, and the power of BSP parser becomes less clear to me.