After refuting additional comments:

The authors need to further motivate the problem for machine learning so that the article is accessible to a wider audience. The authors should provide a latent variable model (including graphical model representation) where these tensor decomposition parameters can be learned: consider a model where the latent variable h1 is connected to the observed variable x1, h2 is connected to x2, and so on. Assume a linear model of the observed variable from the hidden variable and an arbitrary dependence between hi. In this case, there is a linear decomposition of the observed moment tensor and its multilinear rank is dim(h1), dim(h_2). The authors should add this discussion and possibly provide an illustration depicting this model. The authors should also mention that only some of the hidden variables have smaller dimensions and others do not, which was a significant advantage for the new results in the article.

The paper considers a convex-optimization based tensor decomposition using the structured scatter norm for tensors. The authors use the overlapped scatter norm and show how it ensures better reconstruction. The article is well-written and makes a technically significant contribution. If a few technical and notational issues are fixed, the article will be more readable.

*Clarification regarding Theorem 2 and its proof:
The statement of Theorem 2 is not technically correct: the elements are only recovered up to one permutation. Although a minor problem, the authors should mention this.
Theorem 2 states that (12) immediately leads to (13). This requires a justification.
The proof of Lemma 5 is missing. Lemma 5 forms a key part of Theorem 2.
The proof of Lemma 4 is better clarified than any other article mentions, although it is simple.
*Minor problem:
More related work on HOSVD and other methods for tensor decomposition needs to be added:
The authors can mention how higher-order SVD and its variants create approximate bounds for tensor decomposition. See Kolder's review on Tensor Decomposition (Chapter 4).
The concept of rank that the authors use, which they refer to as mode-rank, is also referred to as multilinear rank. The authors can mention this and mention that there are different concepts of tensor rank in the introduction.
The authors can briefly discuss the computational complexity of the methods employed.
The authors need to clarify their discussion of incoherence after (10). The authors use this term to mean that they need to spread their various mixing components and their "strength" across the modes, which means that no component or mode can have too many singular values. The authors mentioned that this is similar to the incoherence conditions of [1,3,10]. I don't see it. In [1,3,10], the incoherence concepts are used for sparse+low rank recovery. However, the noise here is not sparse. In the condition of [1,3,10], the singular vectors are incoherently with the basis vectors. This is different from the condition here. It is suggested to remove this comparison.
*Typo/notational problem:
The superscript notation \hat{\cal{W}}^{(k)} for the elements is confusing. It is suggested to use other symbols for the elements.
Bad notation: Both \bar{r}k and \underline{r}k are used for the k-mode rank. This should be changed. Instead, mult_rank(tensor) can be introduced to indicate the multilinear rank.
Some parentheses are missing in the last line of page 12 of the appendix.
Summary: "Structure scattering results" should be changed to structured. The article is well-written and makes a new contribution in finding a good linear tensor decomposition using an overlapped scatter norm and provides a guarantee for recovery. However, some technical clarifications are needed that the authors expect to resolve.