The goal of creating a suitable multivariate distribution for computational data is a significant one, and the authors accurately identify the limitations of the current methods (a reservation is mentioned below at this point). The paper theoretically and conceptually has several merits. Starting with the evidence that previously proposed transforms do not create a valid model, the authors propose several alternatives. The TPGM transform, although obvious, is suitable due to its natural interpretation. The QPGM and SPGM, although technically simple, are tabled as ways to correct the Poisson distribution for a new reason base and sufficient statistical representation of the exponential. Furthermore, the changes made are well-motivated and interesting. However, the underlying theory is almost directly followed from the work of Yang and others, so we are left with several potential model proposals, the merits of which need to be evaluated in practice.

In light of the above, experimental evaluation is disappointing, especially since the declared goal of this paper is to fix the practical limitations of the Poisson graphical model. Although synthetic tests show some potential, the data leads to the proposed models. In real-world tests, the comparison with copula-based alternatives is clearly absent. Furthermore, the reported results are only qualitatively relevant. Since all methods create a joint distribution, more objective log-likelihood is needed for data evaluation. More importantly, and indeed touches on the core problem of whether a new model is needed, is that copula competitors are used in an additional black-box method. In particular, even when using only a Gaussian copula, it is more meaningful to use some intelligent boundary models than those used in non-parametric (and which have no density!) models, which were originally used due to their infinite characteristics, not due to practical suitability. The performance is basically like glass, and I strongly suspect that even general Gaussian kernel density estimates will do much better. Similarly, if applied to real data, the (intelligent) choice of using R=11 can also be translated into a copula boundary choice. I do not expect in-depth investigation here, but some logical basis is needed.

Finally, the paper is generally well-written. Although I believe that all the results are true, especially since the authors started with the flaws of another work, I suggest including all the evidence in the supplementary materials. Also, I thought the end of section 3.1 was too detailed and did not contribute to the argument like the bound Gaussian.

On the other hand, I will take section 3.2 more slowly because it is the focus of the proposed method and will present it in the supplementary materials instead of removing the figure and explain its underlying concept better. Based on a conditional exponential construction, the authors have presented an alternative to the Poisson graphical model, which aims to allow flexible joint modeling with a mixture of positive and negative dependencies. The good thing is that the proposed method is interesting and has some theoretical novelty. The bad thing is that the experimental evaluation is limited and somewhat biased, so the bottom line is that it is another multivariate Poisson-like model, the merits of which are unclear.