This paper provides a framework for creating a multivariate distribution over an infinite number of calculations, following a Markov structure for an indefinite network.

Creating a multivariate distribution over an infinite number of calculations is generally a difficult problem, which has been extensively studied by Besag and others over the past 30 years (e.g., Arnold et al.'s textbook "Conditional Specification of Statistical Models," 1999, which extends some of the author's observations to other distributions like conditionally specified index distributions).

Ultimately, the authors' proposed solution succeeds in some relevant ways. The advantages are structures that allow for limited calculations and relatively simple assumed algorithms. The disadvantages are that the finite tails of QPGMs are slightly thin, and SPGM does not have a closed-form conditional distribution (which somehow defeats the main purpose of creating conditionally specified models). In fact, I don't even know how SPGM can be called a Poisson distribution (at least someone can claim for QPGM that "only" the base measure is changing). Okay, but it made me wonder what the main purpose of modeling calculations is, since Poisson itself is not a good distribution for fitting empirical data (don't get me wrong, Poisson is very useful as a building block for many models - elements of stochastic processes and latent variable models, etc. - but you can plot your data for breast cancer and tell me what it looks like near Poisson?). It is very useful to have a plot of the probability mass function of SPGM, which seems a bit complicated at first glance. I think you are considering R and R0 as constants (otherwise they would not be an exponential family). How are these chosen? What advice do you give to practitioners?

Needless to say: creating a multivariate distribution over calculations following the independence model of MRF is difficult. I really appreciate the effort given in this paper, and I think the results are of theoretical interest to NIPS. The only thing that misleads me is a somewhat overly light praise of the literature. For example, it almost seems as if the authors really don't know what copula is. The authors did not understand [8] (or at least misrepresented it), for example, where the whole point is creating multivariate distributions for arbitrarily discrete data (including computational data), and for which a battery of MCMC and approximate estimation methods exists. It made me wonder whether the discussion in [11] really makes any sense, since the main purpose of that pioneering book is how to create discrete models with log-linear parameters that cannot grow exponentially with the number of variables (although fair enough that I don't have a copy of it and I can no longer remember what it says about the Poisson distribution). But perhaps the worst omission is the complete neglect of the vast spatial statistics literature, where high-level computational data analysis has long been done.

It needs to be said that some of these methods (such as [8]'s sparse precision Gaussian copula model) do not really model MRF-style independence constraints in an observable space. So as I said, the theoretical contribution of this paper is a valid contribution. But as a practitioner, I am still not sure why I have to pay the price of sticking with this model space instead of simply using the common structured Gaussian random field + Poisson measure model, which has been the standard for a long time.

Final comment: I am not an expert in gene expression analysis, but I would be grateful to get a reference newer than [20] that claims that "counting sequences ... is replacing microarrays".

A method for constructing multivariate distributions for calculations, including Markov, in the context of undirected graphs. Like any non-trivial multivariate construction, it has advantages and disadvantages. The literature review seems incomplete.