This paper proposes a new method for estimating the density ratio p/q. Several other methods have already been proposed for this problem. The novelty of this paper lies in the author's formulation of the density ratio estimation as a Fredholm integral equation.

Strong points of the paper:
The paper is well-written; I enjoyed reading it. The density ratio estimation problem is important and interesting.

Weak points, comments, and questions of the paper:
(i) Some details are missing in the paper. For example, why
\int k_t(x,y)f(x)dx=f(y)+ O(t)? A proof (either in the paper or in the supplementary material) or a reference to all these types of statements is needed, even if they are easy to prove.
(ii) As a special case (q=1), this method can also be used for density estimation. It is interesting that this approach does not require bandwidth for convergence to zero. The standard KDE density estimation is not consistent in that case. It would be good to see more discussion on this, so that readers can clearly see that the role of the bandwidth parameter in the paper is different from KDE.
(iii) I would advise adding a few sentences about Tikhonov regularization. Most people in the NIPS community may not be familiar with it.
(iv) All the proofs are in the supplementary material. I have not seen if they are correct or not.
(v) It would be good to read why a naive plug-in approach, which separately estimates the densities p and q, is worse than the method proposed in this paper.
(vi) It is also not clear how this method performs compared to other methods. For example, if I remember correctly [12], minimax also achieves the limits. Sections 2 and 4 provide an upper limit on the convergence rate, but it is not clear how far they are from the optimal minimax rate.
(vii) Please provide a reference to the datasets used in the paper (CPUsmall, Kin8nm, USPS).
(viii) I have not seen how the proposed method will work on toy problems for some other known p and q values. For example, for 1-dimensional p and q, a plot of the actual p/q and the estimated p/q can help readers assess the quality of the estimation.

This is a good paper about density ratio estimation. It is not clear to me how this method will perform compared to other algorithms (such as [12]), and I have not seen how this approach will work on toy problems, for example, using simple 1-dimensional p and q densities.