This paper proposes a novel method for evaluating topic models by partitioning the top *n* words of each topic into clusters, or “buckets,” based on the cosine similarity of their associated word embeddings. In the simplest approach, words are considered individually and either assigned to an existing bucket – if their cosine similarity to the bucket’s words is below a specified threshold – or used to create a new bucket. Two more sophisticated methods employing eigenvectors and reorganization are also presented. The method is evaluated on three standard datasets and within a weakly supervised text classification setting, achieving performance comparable to or exceeding that of the state of the art (Röder et al., 2015).

The core idea is relatively straightforward, though it possesses a somewhat *ad hoc* quality. The authors do not provide new justification for why topic quality should be measurable in terms of word-to-word similarity. I find this connection unclear, given that topics and word embeddings are defined with respect to fundamentally different notions of context – documents versus sequential context, respectively. Despite this, the proposed method appears to perform well. (I would appreciate the inclusion of significance tests for Table 1.)

Overall, the paper is clearly written, although some language imperfections are present. I found the description of the techniques in Section 3 somewhat difficult to follow, likely due to the authors’ frequent use of passive voice (“the threshold is computed as”) when describing design choices. I recommend that the authors clarify the explanation of each method, perhaps by dedicating a subsection to each. There appears to be sufficient space to do so; the authors did not fully utilize the 8-page limit, and they could readily condense the rather uninformative “trace” of the method on page 3. 

A key question that arises is the sensitivity of the proposed technique to different word embeddings. For instance, how would the scores change if the authors had used word2vec instead of GloVe?



