This paper proposes a new method for evaluating topic models that partitions the top *n* words of each topic into clusters, or “buckets,” based on the cosine similarity of their associated word embeddings. In the simplest setup, words are considered individually, and each is either assigned to an existing bucket – if its cosine similarity to the other words in the bucket is below a specified threshold – or a new bucket is created. Two more sophisticated methods, based on eigenvectors and reorganization, are also presented. The method is evaluated on three standard datasets and in a weakly supervised text classification setting, achieving performance comparable to or exceeding that of the state of the art (Röder et al., 2015).

The core idea of this paper is relatively straightforward and possesses a somewhat *ad hoc* quality. The authors do not provide novel justification for why topic quality should be measurable in terms of word-to-word similarity. It is not immediately clear why this should hold, given that topics and word embeddings are defined with respect to fundamentally different notions of context – document-level versus sequential context, respectively. Nevertheless, the proposed method demonstrably performs well. I would appreciate the inclusion of significance tests for the results presented in Table 1.

Overall, the paper is clearly written, though minor language issues are present. I found the description of the techniques in Section 3 somewhat difficult to follow, largely due to the authors’ frequent use of passive voice (“the threshold is computed as”) where they are, in fact, describing design choices. I recommend that the authors clarify the different methods, perhaps by dedicating a separate subsection to each. There appears to be sufficient space to do so; the authors have not fully utilized the 8-page limit, and the “trace” of the method on page 3 could be condensed as it currently provides limited informative value. 

Finally, I am curious about the sensitivity of the proposed technique to different word embeddings. Specifically, how would the scores change if the authors had employed word2vec instead of GloVe?



