This paper proposes a new method for evaluating topic models that divides each topic into clusters or "boxes," according to cosine similarity between the top n words of the topic and their corresponding word embeddings. In the simplest setup, the words are considered one by one, and each word is placed into an existing "box" – if its cosine similarity with other words in the box is below a certain threshold – or a new box is created for the word. Two more complex methods based on eigenvectors and reconstruction have also been proposed. The method is evaluated on three standard data sets and in a weakly supervised text classification setting. It performs as well as or better than state-of-the-art methods (Roder et al., 2015).

The underlying concept of this paper is quite simple and has a special significance. The authors do not offer any new explanation as to why the quality of a content should be measurable according to word-to-word similarity. It is not clear to me why this should be the case, as content and word embeddings are defined in relation to two different concepts (document versus sequential context). At the same time, the proposed method seems to work quite well (although I would like to see some significance tests for Table 1).

Overall, the paper is clearly written, although there are some language problems. Also, I found the description of the techniques in section 3 to be somewhat difficult to follow; I think the main reason for this is that the authors used passive voice ("the threshold is calculated") in places where they actually preferred a design. I think the authors should try to explain the different methods more clearly with a sub-section for each method. There seems to be some room for this: the authors did not fully fill the 8 pages of the material, and they could have easily summarized the rather non-informative "traces" on 3 pages.

I had a question about how sensitive the proposed technique is to different word embeddings. For example, what would the scores be if the authors used word2vec instead of GloVe?