This paper discusses the Minimax bound for probability estimation, where the privacy of personal data must be protected in the context of this estimation. The authors consider a definition of privacy called local privacy. They research two probability estimation problems: polynomial estimation and density estimation. In both problems, the authors show sharp Minimax rates of convergence. They prove that for discrete polynomial estimation problems, local privacy affects the difference in effective sample size, which is equal to the square of the privacy parameter alpha. Since alpha is often seen as a small constant, the effective sample size is the same as in the non-privacy case. For density estimation problems, the authors show that if local privacy is to be protected, it is no longer possible to achieve an optimal rate for non-privacy settings.

Overall, the results are very interesting. As far as I have read, the proof is correct. To my knowledge, the Minimax bound for density estimation under privacy constraints has not been considered before.

My main comment is that the Minimax bound for polynomial estimation is closely related to previous work on noise complexity for differential privacy, but there is a lack of mention of it. In particular, two papers consider very relevant problems: Hardot and Talwar, *Differential Privacy in Geometry*, STOC, 2010; and D, *Lower Bound on Differential Privacy*, TCC, 2012. These two papers discuss the worst-case lower bound for errors in linear queries under the constraint of differential privacy. The probability estimation problem considered in this paper is actually a special case of the linear counting query discussed in those two papers. Also, the measures used for the errors are the same L2 metric. The only difference is that this paper considers local differential privacy, whereas Hardot and Talwar and D consider differential privacy. Local privacy assumes stronger privacy constraints than differential privacy, and therefore the lower bounds for differential privacy are also lower bounds for local privacy. I am wondering if the local privacy bound given in this paper is better than the previous bound for differential privacy.

For the density estimation problem, the statement of the results is somewhat misleading. The authors say that the lower bound in the local privacy setting is greater than the non-privacy setting. However, in this paper, the Minimax bound is for a special case of density that can be extended with a trigonometric basis. I am wondering if the lower bound definition for non-privacy settings is for the general Sobolev space given in Definition 1, or for a special case of the trigonometric basis. It would be a fair comparison if the lower bound for non-privacy is applicable to the trigonometric basis.

Additional comments on the rebuttal:
The answer partially clarifies the relationship with the previous worst-case lower bound. However, see the work of Nikolov, Talwar, and Zhang, *Differential Privacy in Geometry: Spurs and Approximate Fields* (STOC 2013), which also considers the mean square error. I suggest the authors add their explanations and the references missing in the paper.

This paper proves the sharp Minimax bound for PMF and PDF estimation with privacy guarantees. The results are interesting and the paper is well written. However, there is a lack of mention of known results on the lower bound of noise complexity for differential privacy, which is very relevant to this paper.