A random EM method has been proposed that modifies the classical EM by cutting the parameter vector at each step. An asymptotically normal statistic based on a discrete score to test whether a particular entry in the parameter vector is non-zero has also been proposed.

The guarantee given for random EM states that the approximation converges geometrically towards the true value (in the number of iterations), a statistical error term that is like the square root of the random level and the asymptotic norm of the statistical error in the M-step, which is typically logarithmic only in the ambient dimension.

This is a continuation of recent similar results for EM in low-dimensional settings. As in previous work, it is assumed that the Q function is sufficiently smooth and approximately quadratic in a given basin of attraction, and that the algorithm starts in the same basin. The new condition is an asymptotic norm constraint on the error in estimating M. This condition is only required for random vectors, but for many models estimating M, it is as simple as random vectors for all possible vectors (this applies to Gaussian mixture examples and non-tending versions of the mixture model). This raises a question - is a random EM algorithm necessary? For example, can a similar guarantee be obtained by performing simple EM with a single pruning step in the same situation? Edit: The authors' observation that linear regression seems to be a special case here seems to be a reasonable argument against a single pruning step.

There may be some related work in random optimization that should probably be discussed (e.g., "Random online learning via discrete gradients" Langford et al. 2009, for example).

The type of initialization used in the experimental section should be mentioned. A random EM transformation has been proposed for parameter estimation in high-dimensional settings. The given convergent guarantees are an important result for high-dimensional learning, although the importance of random EM transformations for the results obtained is not certain.