The authors consider the problem of assessing the reliability of MCMCs outputs and comparing the effectiveness of MCMC schemes. They propose doing this using the log marginal likelihood provided by the bidirectional Monte Carlo (BMC) method, using the upper and lower stochastic bounds. The idea is, for example, to choose one of the available MCMC schemes that generates the tightest BMC stochastic bound using the same computational effort. The main challenge is that BMC requires an accurate sample from the target measure to create a valid stochastic upper bound. The authors propose some heuristics to overcome this problem. Their solution, in the context of Bayesian posterior sampling, involves performing diagnostics on the posterior generated by synthetic data instead of real data, based on the argument that it is easier to create good approximate samples for such a posterior. Finally, the proposed method is tested on some examples. The idea of diagnosing MCMC convergence using the stochastic lower bound provided by bidirectional Monte Carlo is interesting. Even if the method seems specific to AIS and SMC sampler schemes and only creates diagnostics based on marginal likelihood, it may still be valuable because it is an attempt to create theoretically fair MCMC diagnostic tools. However, there are various implementation flaws that, in my opinion, make the proposed diagnostic method not very appealing. These flaws arise from heuristic methods, which try to overcome the fact that bidirectional Monte Carlo requires an accurate sample from the posterior to be valid. I mention three of them. - Firstly, the authors assume that a value of the hyperparameter, \eta{real}, is known beforehand (e.g., from a previously run MCMC), which represents the entire posterior. This assumes that the algorithm used to find \eta{real} has converged (which is essentially the main problem of interest) and that the posterior can be well summarized with a single value. Both assumptions are strong and generally unreasonable. - Then they assume that the characteristics of the posterior induced by the synthetic data generated from \eta{real} (in the case of MCMC convergence) are similar to the original posterior. This is again an unreasonable assumption, for example, it should be carefully supported in situations involving incorrect model specification. It seems that the authors are trying to "change the problem," i.e., overcoming the difficulty created by bidirectional Monte Carlo by performing diagnostics on a different posterior. - Then they adopt an optimistic view that the MCMC algorithm of interest will be able to generate an almost accurate sample from the posterior quickly, starting from \eta{real} (which may or may not be the case). Therefore, the proposed method seems to rely on various assumptions, which, importantly, are closely related to what we wanted to evaluate in the first case (the convergence characteristics of the main MCMC algorithm). I appreciate the fact that some simple examples have been shown in section 5.1 where these problems do not affect the conclusions obtained from the proposed method. Nevertheless, a few simple examples are not convincing enough that the various problems identified by the authors themselves will not be important in other, perhaps more complex, examples. The authors criticize the previously proposed convergence diagnostic tools because they may fail in multimodal cases or where a small number of summary statistics are not sufficiently expressible (lines 203-205). I think the authors should explain why their method can do better in such situations and provide some evidence. More generally, I think it would be good to have simulations to compare their method with commonly used diagnostic methods (as described in section 4), where situations where it creates more reliable diagnostics can be shown.