This paper discusses convex-concave saddle-point problems. The authors demonstrate how to solve this problem using existing stochastic variance reduction techniques (such as SVRG and SAGA) and a proximal operator. They studied these algorithms in the setting of the Monotone Operator and showed how it provides linear convergence. They proposed a fast version and analyzed a non-equivalent sample scheme. Novelty/Originality: The contributions of this paper are significant. The theoretical analysis is thorough and reveals some new insights for saddle-point problems. The authors propose many extensions to this paper, the most important of which is that their method is applicable to non-continuous functions. Technical Quality: Although I really like the theoretical contributions of this paper, I am quite disappointed with the way it is presented. I think the authors could have made the paper more accessible by clarifying the connection with Monotone Operators. This is shown as an extension in section 6, but the analysis provided by the authors is based on Monotone Operators. On the experimental side, I would have preferred to see experimental results on more than two datasets. In the case of continuous functions, the authors should have also compared their sample-pack algorithm with a fast method like this stochastic variant: http://www.jmlr.org/proceedings/papers/v37/zhanga15.pdf Please add this reference for your submission. Here are a few things I would like the authors to clarify: 1. How strong are the A-C assumptions, especially assumption (A). For example, I am wondering if their assumptions are applicable to solving saddle-point problems induced by SVMs. 2. I do not fully understand the difference between their proposed method and the Stochastic Primal-Dual method. Can the authors elaborate on this? 3. In Theorem 2, I am not sure about the constant μ. Is this the Monotone constant mentioned in the appendix? How can we compare this result with the result of Theorem 1? 4. The conversion from assumption (A)-(C) to strong monotonicity (in the appendix) is confusing. Does assumption (A)-(C) imply monotonicity? Small problem: some mix between the constant L used as the condition number and the Lyapunov constant: "The quantity L represents the condition number of the problem" and "we need the Lyapunov constant L". Forward-Backward Algorithm: Please add a reference.