This paper extensively explores the solution to convex-concave saddlepoint problems using recently developed incremental algorithms (and their faster versions via SVRG, Saga, and Catalyst). These problems can arise from finite addition structures and two types of partitions: discrete or factored partitions. The authors discuss in detail the complexity of these algorithms under various partitions and different (uniform/non-uniform) sampling techniques. A specific binary classification example demonstrates that non-uniform sampling and acceleration are crucial to defeating competitive batch algorithms. Although the idea of extending incremental algorithms to variance reduction and saddlepoint problems may seem simple, the established results here are significantly new, and the technical aspect is certainly non-trivial. For the important bilinear saddlepoint problem, the authors provide a clear comparison between batch, stochastic, and incremental FB algorithms, which generally have some similarities with the methods known in the field of convex minimization, and this is understandable to me. However, here is my main concern. While the disadvantage of non-discreteness of loss functions is overcome when solving saddlepoint problems, the proposed incremental algorithms appear to face a fundamental obstacle: computing the proximal operator in each iteration costs O(n + d). Consequently, the overall complexity, even for faster SVRG with non-uniform sampling, as shown in Tables 1 and 2, may not be better than the faster batch version. In particular, when the number of data is significantly larger than n dimensions d, as seen in most machine learning applications, the complexity under factored partitions (which are later used in simulations) is actually worse than the batch FB algorithm, as shown in Table 2. Contrary to what is generally known for convex minimization, I did not see any clear advantage of using variance reduction from a theoretical point of view here. I would advise the authors to conduct an in-depth discussion on this matter and clarify the following questions: i) Is factored partitioning (theoretically) worse than discrete partitioning, ii) When is faster SVRG more favorable than batch FB, iii) Is the dependence on n, d tight enough? == Post-reboot Answer == I read the author's reboot and was satisfied with the response. My score remains the same.