This paper extends Stochastic Variable Reduction Technique (SVRG) and SAGA to robustly handle convex-concave saddle-point problems, where linear convergence is proven. The effectiveness of variable reduction methods in saddle-point problems has been demonstrated in both theoretical and empirical results. This paper extends Stochastic Variable Reduction Technique (SVRG) and SAGA to robustly handle convex-concave saddle-point problems. The proposed algorithms can be used in several non-homogeneous saddle-point problems where both the loss (e.g., structured output prediction) and the controller (e.g., fusion term) can be non-homogeneous. Importantly, unlike previous convergence analyses on convex problems, the analysis of saddle-point problems is much more complex, and the authors used the monotonic operator to prove convergence. The analysis further shows that the enhanced SVRG and SAGA algorithms are applicable to more extensive problems such as the variational inequalities of game theory. Considering a stochastic method, the authors proposed two different divisions of gradient operators for SVRG and SAGA, namely component-based division and factored division. Variable reduction works in stochastic forward-backward algorithms, which are commonly used for saddle-point problems. Non-uniform sampling is also considered, and both theoretical and empirical results show that variable reduction with non-uniform sampling is better than uniform sampling. Experimental results in both the main article and the appendix provide sufficient proof of the theoretical results and demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed methods on both non-homogeneous loss and controller. Some minor comments: As in section 5, acceleration, the authors followed [8] to include an additional regularization term so that it can be updated like a recurrent point. It is not clear how this recurrent point, such as (\bar{x}, \bar{y}), can be adapted for fast updating. A convergence and acceleration proof is provided for SVRG. Will the same theoretical results hold for SAGA? To avoid confusion, different symbols should be used for the smooth function K(.) and the design matrix K.