The authors use variance reduction algorithms like SVRG and SAGA to propose the first linearly convergent algorithm for the Saddle Point problem. Since convex minimization analysis is not applicable to Saddle Point problems, the main contribution of this paper is to prove convergence using the Monotone Operator. One consequence of this is that this analysis is applicable to various types of problems, such as variational inequality problems. This method can be used to solve non- separable loss functions and regulators in the context of Saddle Point problems. The first algorithm with linear convergence rate for Saddle Point problems has been proposed. This is an important problem to solve because it helps to deal with non- separable loss functions and regulators that occur in machine learning models. The proof technique for explaining Saddle Point problems, such as finding the zero of the Monotone Operator, is interesting and potentially widely applicable. More simple proofs of algorithms like FB Splitting (as well as its stochastic version) have also been given. The algorithms proposed with non-uniform sampling are competitive and, in most cases, better than previous alternatives. This paper broadly expands the field in an important direction, and the analysis method is interesting. Since the main contribution of this paper is the proof technique (the algorithms themselves are quite simple extensions of the original algorithm), the authors may consider including more detailed information about the proof technique, for example, including a proof sketch in the original paper if space permits. This paper is clearly presented and well-written in most cases. However, I found the paper to be somewhat unclear in some areas. For example: 1. What type of non-uniform sampling is used for problems other than two-linear Saddle-Point problems, i.e., what is \pi? 2. How is the step size \sigma set in the experiment? Do the authors have any idea why non-uniform sampling seems so necessary for Saddle Point problems, and not for convex minimization problems? The paper may benefit from discussion on this topic. Small comments: 1. Typology in line 78: k -> d 2. Typology in line 121 of the second equation (extra y_{t-1} term)