This paper presents an extension of the low-order spectrogram-factorization model of sound analysis, which generalizes latent causes to an arbitrary (possibly overcompleted) basis set. This means that the analysis can also be performed on a "multiresolution" basis (e.g., tonal + temporal). It is believed to aid in source separation and denoise. It begins with Favot and others' Gaussian composite model, which models the variance of each cell in the spectrogram with a low-order matrix factorization. This extends the underlying convolution with multiple Gabard impulse responses corresponding to each row of the spectrogram, giving a pure time-domain expression for the assumed. This can be modified to work for sets of various impulse responses, including non-orthogonals. An EM (local optimum) analysis method is presented.

Quality: I think it's an interesting insight, although I'm still trying to figure out its exact implications. It seems, to begin with, it's another way to understand Favot's GCM, but the ability to include overcompleted dictionaries is good. On the other hand, it seems this will create some complexity, and I didn't immediately understand why it didn't create more problems. I assume the estimation method is correct (and I'm impressed by this type of analysis), although I couldn't follow it in detail.

Clarity: The work is well explained, and the reasons are also stated. However, the assessment was very superficial – we are given a complete illustrative result and an SNR improvement measure: I don't think we can draw any conclusions from a single example. I was grateful for the sound examples included, but I wasn't very impressed. Firstly, the OMLSA improved example seems much longer than the new result (7 seconds C/W vs. 2 seconds), which makes me wonder if the comparison was fairly done. Secondly, although OMLSA includes more background noise (partly because it's longer), the speech seems much higher quality to me. Very important errors have been created for denoise of the music example – I would expect much more perceived quality than conventional wavelet compression or winner filtering in this case.

Originality: The work seems very dependent on Favot and others, although the time-domain interpretation certainly made me think about it in new ways.

Importance: Externally, the ability to apply matrix-factorization techniques to overcompleted bases seems to have a significant impact. However, the examples and assessments presented in this work were so weak and superficial that nothing could be shown, so it's just a work of faith that this work has enough significance. The reconstruction of sound analysis for potential matrix-factorization in terms of a time-domain kernel allows an EM analysis for a multiresolution (overcompleted) basis. However, weak assessments and significant errors in the examples have failed to demonstrate its importance in its current form.