This paper presents a neural network-based framework for monitoring the state of dialogue.

The main contribution of this work is learning the representation of user utterances, system outputs, and ontology entries, all based on pre-trained word vectors.

Specifically for utterance representation, the authors compare two different neural network models: NBT-DNN and NBT-CNN.

The learned representations are combined with each other and finally used in a downstream network to make binary decisions for a specific slot value pair.

The experiment shows that the proposed framework achieves significant performance improvements compared to the baseline with the delexicalized approach.

It is generally a quality work with a clear goal, reasonable concept, and improved results from previous research.

However, the paper itself does not seem to be very well-organized, especially for readers who are not familiar with this field.

Firstly, a more formal definition of DST should be given at the beginning of this paper.

It is not clear enough and may be more confusing after being associated with SLU.

I suggest providing a general architecture of the dialogue system described in Section 1 instead of Section 2, then defining the problem of DST focusing on its relationships with other components, including ASR, SLU, and learning policies.

And it will also help improve readability if all the symbols used throughout the paper are defined in a previous section.

Some symbols (such as tq, ts, t_v) are used much earlier than their descriptions.

Below are other comments or questions:

- Is it possible to perform separate SLU with this model? If not, the word 'joint' may be misleading, suggesting that this model is capable of handling both tasks.

- Could you please provide some statistics on how many errors have been corrected from the original DSTC2 dataset?

If it is not too large, the experiment may also include comparisons with other published works, including DSTC2 entries.

- What do you think about using RNNs or LSTMs to learn sequential aspects in utterance representation learning?

Considering the recent success of these recurrent networks in SLU problems, it may also be effective for DST.

- Some more details about the semantic dictionary used with the baseline will help to illustrate the cost of manually creating this type of resource.

- It would be great if you could provide some samples that were not correctly predicted by the baseline but have been resolved with your proposed models.