Thank you for this interesting article.

This paper proposes an information geometric (IG) approach to the f-GAN algorithm. It first shows that f-GAN converges in the parameter space using 1-1 mappings of the divergence between f-divergence and chi-divergence, and the Bregman divergence result. It then discusses the appropriate way to implement f-GAN. Finally, in the main text, it provides a factorization result for the deep neural network representation and discusses the selection of activation functions, which have a 1-1 mapping to the chi (or f) function. I did not examine every detail in the appendix, but I think the proof (except for theorem 8, which I did not have time to read) is correct.

I think this paper is very thorough and contains several new results that may be of interest to machine learning and information theory. In particular, I am impressed by the demonstration of theorem 4, which explains the IG part of the story for f-GAN. Therefore, I think this paper is clearly acceptable.

However, I think this paper may be very difficult for those who do not know much about the relationship between IT and IG (at least the simplest relationship that KL for an exponential family can be mapped to Bregman divergence, and Fenchel duality content). Many deep learning engineers may be such individuals, and they are also the main audience for GAN papers. Therefore, the following are my suggestions that could potentially clarify the paper further:

1. I like figure 1 in the appendix, which explains the relationship between IT and IG in the context of f-GAN. It may be considered for inclusion in the main text.
2. It may be helpful to clearly state why considering the IG approach may be helpful initially. My understanding is that you can use geometry in the parameter space to discuss the behavior of the optimization. You mentioned this briefly on page 7, which I found a little late.
3. I am not sure I understand how section 5 relates to f-GAN. I think you only used the distorted exponential family to explain the distribution that can be represented by a deep neural net, thus f-GAN is not a result of optimization results. Yes, I agree that there is a 1-1 correspondence between v, f, and chi, but then you did not say anything about how this result can help design the f-GAN game, for example, which f divergence should we choose, or given an activation function, which f-GAN works best in terms of objective convergence.
4. Why can phi_l be seen as a "deep enough statistic" for theorem 6? I don't think equation (13) is of the form of a distorted exponential family?
5. As stated, it may be helpful to consider moving lines 257-269 to other places. Also, I think the utility theory part is not directly related to the IG approach, so it may be good to remove that paragraph (you can keep it in the appendix) and leave some space to explain your main results.
6. I think the experiments are not directly related to the main points made in the paper. For example, you can only discuss (A) by taking the results from section 5, meaning I do not really need to know the IG approach of f-GAN to implement these new activation functions. Also, for (B) I only need to understand section 4, which is not so closely related to the IG approach of f-GAN. In particular, your results for WGAN may be misleading and confusing, because this paper is mainly about f-GAN, and I actually spent some time searching for sentence (lines 227-228) about WGAN.

In summary, while this paper provides many useful results and in-depth derivations, I think the content is not organized in a crystal-clear way. Instead, it seems that the results from many papers are being squeezed into an 8-page NIPS submission. So while I am supportive of the acceptance, I think this paper needs editing to make the claims clearer and more consistent.