The authors pose several interesting GAN-related questions, such as whether solving a GAN problem means convergence in the parameter space, what the generator is actually fitting when convergence occurs, and (perhaps most importantly from a network architectural perspective) how to choose the output activation function of the discriminator to ensure proper compositeness of the loss function.

The authors proceeded to address these questions within the framework of distorted exponential distributions (in information theory), from which they derived the following theoretical results, among others:

They present a variance generalization of a known theorem (suitable for the f-GAN formulation) that connects an f-divergence between distributions to a corresponding Bregman divergence between the parameters of such distributions. Thus, this theorem provides an interesting link between the information-theoretical perspective of measuring inequality between probability distributions and the information-geometric perspective of measuring inequality between the corresponding parameters. They show that under a reversibility assumption, deep generative networks factor as so-called escorts of distorted exponential distributions. Their theoretical investigation further suggests that careful choice of the generator's hidden activation function, as well as the appropriate selection of the discriminator's output activation function, can potentially help further improve GANs. They also briefly mention an alternative interpretation of the GAN game in the context of expected utility theory.

Overall, I think the authors present some interesting theoretical results, however, I have several concerns about the practical relevance and usefulness of their results in their current form.

Questions and Concerns:

To begin with, many of their theorems and resulting insights are valid for the specific case that the data and model distributions P and Q are members of the distorted exponential family. Can the authors justify this assumption, that is, elaborate on whether it holds in practice and explain whether similar results (such as theorems 4 and 6) can be obtained without this assumption?

One of the author's main contributions, the information-geometric f-GAN identification in equation (7), connects the well-known variance f-divergence formulation on distributions to an information-geometric optimization problem on the parameters. Can the authors explain what we get from this parameter-based approach? Is it possible to apply GANs in the context of this parameter-based optimization, and what would be its benefits? I would really like to see experimental results comparing the two approaches to optimizing GANs. To some extent surprisingly, the authors do not use the right-hand side part of this identification, except that solving the GAN game means convergence in the parameter space (provided the residual J(Q) is small). And why is this implication not obvious? Can the authors give a realistic scenario where convergence in the variance f-divergence formulation on distributions does not mean convergence in the parameter space?

As an interesting practical implication of their theoretical investigation, the authors show that the choice of the output activation function gf (see section 2.4 in reference [34]) matters for having the desirable proper compositeness property for the GAN loss. I found this result particularly interesting and would certainly like to see how the theoretically derived gf (as the structure of the f′ and link function) compares experimentally against the heuristic choice provided in reference [34].

Results for Deep Learning and Experimental Results: Under the assumption that the generator network is invertible, the authors show that an activation function v exists such that the hidden layers of the generator factor exactly as escorts for the distorted exponential family (provided the residual J(Q) is small). In table 2 (left), the authors compare several generator architectures against different choices of activation function (which may or may not comply with this escort factorization). For example, the plot for the GAN MLP indicates that the "theoretically better" μ-ReLU actually performs worse than the baseline ReLU (limited case μ → 1). From their analysis, however, I would expect the invertible μ-ReLU (satisfying the reversibility assumption) to perform better than the non-invertible baseline (not satisfying the reversibility assumption). Can the authors explain why μ-ReLU performs worse? Can they comment on whether the DCGAN architecture satisfies the reversibility assumption and how these results compare against the Wasserstein GAN that is not based on the f-divergence (and for which I therefore do not expect their theoretical analysis to be correct)? Finally, as far as I can tell, their results on whether an activation (table 2 center) or link function (table 2 right) performs better than the others are all within error bars. I don't think this provides enough support for their theoretical results to be relevant in practice.

Minor Concerns:

Many of their results are obtained within the framework of distorted exponential densities. Since the general ML community may not yet be familiar with this, I would welcome it if the authors could provide more intuition about what a distortion (or signature) and an escort are for example.

In theorem 8, the authors derive several upper bounds for J(Q). What are the implications of how these bounds compare against each other and which activation functions to use? They also mention that this upper bound on J(Q) is decreasing with the normalization parameter of the escort Z. Can they elaborate a bit more on why this is a good thing and how we can take advantage of it?

In light of these comments, I believe that the insights derived from the theoretical analysis are not sufficient from the GAN practitioner's point of view.