This research paper revisits the esteemed problem of associative memory in neural networks with a new perspective, adding much new insight to an old problem. The authors state that most previous work in this area has ignored biological aspects such as Dale's law, used binary memory representation in rate-based models, and used non-rare representation for memories. While all these issues have been dealt with individually in other works, the authors have developed a strategy that allows them to address all the issues. More concretely, they use a recent control-theoretical approach based on spectral bounding techniques to create networks that deal with all these issues. In this approach, the authors propose a cost function that balances three terms to achieve the desired goal through gradient descent. The first term in the cost contributes to the fixed-point nature of the desired memories, the second term contributes to the stability of the fixed points, and the third term encourages small weights that prevent saturation. By directly applying Dale's theory in weight parameterization, the authors are able to overcome all the above shortcomings of previous work, creating a network where excitation and inhibition are naturally balanced. Interestingly, while they do not apply saturation to single-neuron firing, it arises naturally through the solution of the optimization problem. Importantly, the authors only use excitatory neurons to implement memory (which is consistent with the fact that excitatory neurons are the ones that typically send output to other regions), and view inhibitory neurons as variables to be optimized. The authors validate their results through numerical simulations, and demonstrate its noise robustness. In addition to the network exhibiting good associative memory properties, the authors are also able to explain experimental findings that show that test-to-test variability decreases after the onset of stimulation (although this seems to be a common characteristic of associative memories with smooth baseline firing). This is explained through the convergence of attraction shelves to the initial state.

In summary, this is a clear and well-written paper. It tackles a classic problem in neural computation using novel control-theoretical tools, and demonstrates how biologically plausible associative memory can work. They do not propose a biologically plausible learning mechanism at this point, but do indicate some recent proposals that could lead to such rules. I found it interesting and beneficial to use inhibitory neurons as resources. Overall, this paper presents a clear, concise, and important contribution to neural computation.

Some minor issues:
The authors use \gamma=0.04 in equation (3). It would be good to discuss the sensitivity of the results to this choice (although I hope it will be small).
A log-normal distribution for memory states is proposed at line 115. Please motivate this.
The cost function (4) may give solutions that violate the exact fixed-point nature of the memories. How serious is this violation? This should be quantified and discussed.
Lines 254-256: The statements given here were not clear to me. Please clarify.
The authors do not mention capacity issues. It would be good to give some statements, even preliminary ones, about this important computational aspect.
It would be good if the authors could discuss the computational advantages of Dale's law. That is, can this law be shown to increase computational power under specific constraints? This is not necessarily the case, and it may be a result of evolutionary and/or biophysical constraints, but it would be good to be related to it.
A clear and well-written paper that tackles a classic problem in neural computation using novel control-theoretical tools, and demonstrates how biologically plausible associative memory can work.