A random EM method has been proposed that modifies classical EM by pruning the parameter vector at each step to a desired level of randomness. An asymptotically normal statistic based on a discretized score to test whether a specific entry in the parameter vector is non-zero has also been proposed.

The guarantee given for random EM states that the approximation converges geometrically to the true value (in the number of iterations), for a statistical error term that is like the square root of the randomness level and the infinite norm of the statistical error in the M-step, which is typically logarithmic only in the ambient dimension.

This is a continuation of recent similar results for EM in low-dimensional settings. As in previous work, it is assumed that the Q function is sufficiently smooth and approximately quadratic in a given basin of attraction, and the algorithm is started in the same basin. The new condition is an infinite norm constraint on the error in estimating M. This condition is only required for random vectors, but for many models estimating M, it is as easy as for random vectors in the case of all possible vectors (this applies to Gaussian mixture examples and non-gradient versions of the mixture of regression models). This raises a question - is the pruned EM algorithm necessary? For example, can a similar guarantee be obtained by performing simple EM in the same situation, with a single pruning step? Edit: The authors' observation that linear regression is a special case here seems to be a plausible argument against a single pruning step.

There may be some related work in random optimization that should probably be discussed (e.g., "Random online learning via discretized gradient" Langford et al. 2009, for example).

The type of initialization used in the experimental section should be mentioned. A random EM variant has been proposed for parameter estimation in high-dimensional settings. The given convergence guarantees are an important result for high-dimensional learning, although the importance of the random variant of EM for the results obtained is not certain.