Thank you for reading an interesting article.

This paper proposes a geometric (IG) perspective on the F-GAN algorithm. It first shows that the F-GAN converges in parameter space via 1-1 mappings of F-divergence and K-divergence, and Bregman divergence results. It then discusses a suitable way to implement the F-GAN. Finally, in the main text, it provides a productive result for deep neural network representation and discusses the choice of activation functions that have a 1-1 mapping with the K- or F-function. I have not examined every detail in the appendix, but I think the proofs (except for theme 8, which I did not have time to read before) are correct.

I think this paper is very complex and contains many new results that may be of interest to machine learning and information theory. In particular, I was impressed by the presentation of theme 4, which tells the IG part of the F-GAN. So I think this paper has a clear acceptance.

However, I think this paper may be very difficult to understand for those who do not know much about the connection between IT and IG (at least the easiest is to map KL to Bregman divergence for an exponential family and the Fenchel duality issue). Many deep learning engineers may be such people and they are the main audience of a GAN paper. So I have some suggestions that may clarify the paper further:

1. I liked figure 1 in the appendix, which talks about the connection between IT and IG in the F-GAN context. You might consider removing it from the main text.
2. It might be helpful to give a clear statement of why considering the IG perspective at the beginning might be helpful. I think you can use geometry in parameter space to discuss the behavior of optimization. You briefly mention this on page 7, which seemed a little too late to me.
3. I am not sure I understand how section 5 is connected to the F-GAN. I think you only used distorted exponential families to explain the distribution that can represent a deep neural network, so it is not a result of the F-GAN optimization results. Yes, I agree that there is a 1-1 relationship between v, f, and K, but you have not said anything about how this result can help design the F-GAN game, such as which F-divergence we should choose, or which F-GAN works best for objective convergence given an activation function.
4. Why can phi_l be seen as a "deep enough statistic" for theme 6? I don't think equation (13) is in the form of a distorted exponential family?
5. As mentioned, it might be helpful to consider moving line 257-269 to another place. Also, I think the part of the utility theory is not directly related to the IG perspective, so it is better to delete that paragraph (you can keep it in the appendix) and leave some space to explain your main results.
6. I think the experiments are not directly related to the main points claimed in the paper. For example, you can only discuss the results of section 5 (A), meaning I do not need to know the IG perspective of the F-GAN to apply these new activation functions. Also, for (B) I only need to understand section 4, which is not very closely related to the IG perspective of the F-GAN. In particular, your results for WGAN may be confusing and misleading, since this paper is mainly about the F-GAN, and I actually spent some time finding the sentence about WGAN (lines 227-228).

In summary, although this paper provides many useful results and complex derivations, I think the material is not organized in a crystal-clear way. Instead, it looks like it is just a compilation of results from multiple papers for an 8-page NIPS submission. So even though I support acceptance, I think this paper needs to be edited to make the claims clearer and more coherent.