This paper discusses a specific class of feedforward neural networks that can be globally trained for optimal or near-optimal results using a non-linear spectral method with a linear convergence rate. This method was applied to deep networks with one and two hidden layers. Experiments were conducted on a series of real-world datasets. This paper discusses a specific class of feedforward neural networks that can be globally trained for optimal or near-optimal results using a non-linear spectral method with a linear convergence rate. This method was applied to deep networks with one and two hidden layers. Experiments were conducted on a series of real-world datasets. According to the authors, the feedforward neural network class studied imposes non-negativity on the weights of the network, and regularization of these weights is limited and counterintuitive to maximize. Furthermore, a less popular activation function called generalized polynomial is required for the optimization condition. These assumptions are not entirely logical. Instead of making more restrictive assumptions to achieve global optimization, detailed and careful explanations from the perspective of the application or real-world dataset are helpful. The authors claim that the target class of the neural network has sufficient expressive power to model complex decision-making and achieves good performance. However, empirical experimental results do not strongly support the above claim. It seems that linear SVMs perform much better than NLSM1 and NLSM2, while linear SVMs cannot be properly tuned, whereas NLSMs tune their network structure. Moreover, as we know, NLSM is a non-linear model, so it is strange why linear SVMs are used as a baseline, unlike non-linear SVMs such as polynomial kernels or Gaussian kernels. Therefore, the comparisons are not fair, and conclusions based on these comparative results are not reliable. In other words, these results cannot prove that the class studied in the neural network has sufficient expressive power. In the experiment, the datasets from the UCI repo are very small in terms of sample size and feature dimension. Based on the analysis, the spectral radius of the matrix A increases with the number of hidden units, so it is problematic for high-dimensional data. Is there any way to address this problem? This will prevent this method from being applied in a large number of applications. It seems that the optimization condition is not guaranteed by any settings of the parameters that can be used in the neural network being studied. Although the condition can be tested without running the neural network, it is still problematic if we have no prior knowledge or if the possible parameters are too large. Is there any quick method to get a possible small set of valid candidates? Does the best feature of the model being studied come from a specific objective function? It is interesting to see whether stochastic gradient descent can be empirically convergent globally in some tested datasets.