The paper proposes a method for training a specific type of feed-forward neural network under certain assumptions. The authors prove optimal convergence and demonstrate that their method can be applied to a selection of "real-world" problems. The problem under investigation seems interesting to me, and any theoretical progress in this direction is commendable. However, the paper falls somewhat short in showing that the proposed class of neural networks is actually effective in practice. In particular, if the authors raise the issue of the expressibility of their limited model (and they do so twice), I would suggest adding some thoughts on what can be done for their method and what is out of reach. Furthermore, contemporary methods should be discussed and contrasted. The experimental results also do not clarify the limitations of the applicability of their model. While reading the experimental results, I was surprised that the authors only compared their method with some SVMs and ignored other methods, other training methods for some neural networks, and other algorithmic paradigms. Also, I expected some information about the computational resources required for the three algorithms. The introduction is well-written, but there is room for some improvement in the subsequent presentation. In particular, section 2 is not easily readable. There are some typos; I have collected a few below. Some specific comments: Although the definition of the loss function is simple, the function $\Phi$ lacks inspiration: the role of the epsilon term is explained in the appendix, I think it should also be added to the paper. The theorem 1 should be informally explained before stating it. The statement itself is difficult to analyze. Below theorem 1: The authors explain in the appendix that "non-linear spectral methods [...] generally converge rapidly to the global maximum in a few (less than 10) iterations" This very general statement is given right after theorem 1, which is derived from their experimental observations. This should be clarified. 60: Polynomial 67: A CAN model. 67: p1 and p2 are not introduced. 67: R++ is not introduced, which is unfortunate because there are several more variables whose definitions point to that one. Thanks for clarifying this in the appendix, I had not seen this notation before.