This paper presents a spectral analysis using the Kupman operator, defined in Hilbert space, which is a well-defined and reproducible kernel. They follow a standard procedure to define a set of methods (kernels) for analyzing nonlinear dynamical systems using empirical data. The eigenvalue decomposition of the projections of the Kupman operator enhances some skills in both synthetic and real data analysis problems. This paper presents an important kernel construction for analyzing nonlinear dynamical systems. The contribution is well-motivated and experimentally valid. However, there are some concerns that I hope the authors will address: what is presented here and the differences (hopefully substantial) between the papers by M.O. Williams, I.G. Kiverkidis, and C.W. Rowley [35] are not clear to me. An empirical approximation of the Kupman operator: expanding the dynamic mode decomposition. Journal of Nonlinear Science, 25:1307-1346, 2015, where Kupman eigenvalues, eigenfunctions, and modes were already presented for analyzing nonlinear system dynamics. I would appreciate some comments and discussions that point out and clarify the key differences, as well as an improved discussion on section 4. The field of nonlinear dynamical systems analysis with kernels is vast, and some relevant references are missing; the authors may refer to the papers by L. Ralayvola and F. D'Alche, তুই et al, Rosso-Alvarez et al, M. Muattamid and R. Shabak, or M.O. Franz and B.B. Scholkopf. Although the Kupman operator is usually defined for a deterministic system, I would expect some comments on the performance of stochastic settings, which are ultimately important/realistic. The authors briefly touched on this issue, but some further discussion and finally a toy experiment would be welcome. The authors (line 216, page 5) clarified this comment that "the estimation method does not require a sequence but a collection of continuous pairs of observations, where each pair" is non-linear pointwise related. Ultimately, I am curious about the impact of this approximation on multidimensional time series with weak pointwise relationships: what will we get with the proposed kernel construction? Can you discuss this? In connection with this, I would appreciate it even more if the authors could provide details of the causal approximation underlying the setting. In the case of experimental settings, I sincerely do not think they are too ambitious: the proposed method primarily follows a standard well-known method of prediction through priming, the proposed method under the subsection "Embedding and recognition of dynamics" and (and without mentioning experimental comparisons) (large) clustering time series literature (such as kernel K-means and related subspace kernel methods) and when it comes to sequential change-point detection tests, it would be more interesting to see a comparison with state-of-the-art online change detection with kernels (since the authors used the test known for failing in complex dynamics). This is expected to help in the development of some more reliable tests. * Small mistake: The paper is very well written and clear. I only found two small typos: Please check the indices of tau-1 vs. tau and replace the dot in k(xi.xj) with a comma (last equation of p7)