The manuscript titled "Kupman Spectral Analysis of Nonlinear Dynamical Systems with Reproducing Kernels" extends Dynamical Mode Decomposition (DMD) to Reproducing Kernel Hilbert Space (RKHS). Consequently, the algorithm (KDMD) has been applied to several small problems. It allows the use of feature maps as a definition of the kernel, so that DMD can be associated with specific features of greater interest; this then becomes a powerful generalization of DMD. My main concern is that the paper is really difficult to read. Even for a few general concepts, the authors have emphasized mathematical writing, where short sentences would have been sufficient. On the other hand, some sections are actually overly wordy. This can make it difficult for experts to understand, and a few points should be clarified. It is not very understandable for publication in the proceedings of the Neural Information Processing Systems Conference, but I encourage the authors to rewrite it in a more educational way; as a result, the article should actually be widely cited. Referee Report: Kupman Spectral Analysis of Nonlinear Dynamical Systems with Reproducing Kernels. The manuscript titled "Kupman Spectral Analysis of Nonlinear Dynamical Systems with Reproducing Kernels" extends Dynamical Mode Decomposition (DMD) to Reproducing Kernel Hilbert Space (RKHS). Consequently, the algorithm (KDMD) has been applied to several small problems. It allows the use of feature maps as a definition of the kernel, so that DMD can be associated with specific features of greater interest; this then becomes a powerful generalization of DMD. My main concern is that the paper is really difficult to read. Even for a few general concepts, they have emphasized mathematical writing, where short sentences would have been sufficient. On the other hand, some sections are actually overly wordy. This can make it difficult for experts to understand, and a few points should be clarified. It is not very understandable for publication in the proceedings of the Neural Information Processing Systems Conference, but I encourage the authors to rewrite it in a more educational way; as a result, the article should actually be widely cited. I. Main Comments: See my main comments in the following section: 1. The presentation is really overly wordy, where it could have been simplified. For example: "Conceptually, DMD can be considered as an approximate form of the Kupman eigenfunctions, which are a set of observable linear monomials as a basis function, like a one-word Taylor expansion at each point." This could easily be summarized in a short and simple sentence. 2. Section 4 is actually useless in a small paper and (partially) discussed in the introduction. 3. Section 5 should have been illustrated, or summarized in conclusion. 4. Section 6 should have been done like section 5! It is too brief. II. Second Comments: My other second comments are: 1. There is probably a typo in the description of the toy NL case, because it is actually linear. 2. The first two problems are actually polynomials. This is where KDMD should have shone - when the kernel could be estimated, as in 1. More detailed information should have been given, as is actually in section 5. Reference 1 Steven L. Brunton, Bingney W. Brunton, Joshua L. Proctor, J. Nathan Quates, "Finite Linear Representation of Nonlinear Dynamical Systems for Kupman Invariance Subspaces and Controls," http://arxiv.org/abs/1510.03007v2, (2015)