This paper revisits the problem of joint syntactic and semantic dependency parsing, applying recent advances in neural network models. Joint models are a key strength of transition-based neural network parsers.

The paper makes two main contributions. First, the authors present a new transition system, which appears to improve upon the Henderson et al. (2008) system it builds upon. Second, it demonstrates the success of a neural network approach to this problem, where previous linear models struggled. The authors attribute this success to the network’s ability to automatically learn relevant features. However, I believe another advantage of using a neural network deserves mention: compared to linear models, neural networks are more parameter-efficient, particularly when jointly learning multiple tasks. Linear models require learning a weight for each feature/class pair, resulting in a much larger parameter space.

I suspect the proposed transition system would perform well with other neural network models, such as the global beam-search model of Andor (2016). Many other orthogonal improvements could also be explored. I anticipate that extensions to the authors’ method have the potential to achieve state-of-the-art results. 

It would be valuable to investigate a dynamic oracle for this transition system, perhaps as an appendix or in future work. At first glance, it appears similar to the arc-eager oracle. The M-SHIFT action excludes all semantic arcs between the word at the start of the buffer and the words on the semantic stack, and the M-REDUCE action excludes all semantic arcs between the word at the top of the stack and the words in the buffer. The LEFT and RIGHT actions seem to each exclude the reverse arc, and no others.

**Questions to Authors:**

*   Could you elaborate on the parameter efficiency of your model compared to traditional linear models with hand-crafted features for joint parsing?
*   Have you considered or explored the use of a dynamic oracle for your transition system? If so, what challenges did you encounter? If not, do you have any preliminary thoughts on how to develop one?



