This paper discusses the problem of submodular maximization in a streaming and robustness setting. In this setting, the goal is to find a high-quality set of k elements from a small number of elements retained during the stream, where m elements may be removed after the stream. Streaming submodular maximization has been extensively studied because it has large-scale applications where very few passes are required over data. Recently, robustness has also attracted some attention, and it is inspired by situations where some elements may be removed and the goal is to find a solution that is robust to such removal. This paper is the first to jointly consider the problem of streaming and robustness submodular maximization.

The authors developed the STAR-T algorithm, which retains O((m log k + k )log^2 k) elements after the stream and ensures a constant (0.149) approximation while being robust against the removal of m elements. This algorithm combines partitioning and thresholding techniques for submodular optimization that use buckets. Similar concepts using buckets were used in previous work for robustness submodular optimization, but here the buckets are filled differently. It was then experimentally shown that this algorithm performs well in influence maximization and movie recommendation applications, even against streaming algorithms that already know which elements have been removed.

Considering both streaming and robustness aspects, the problem is quite challenging, and obtaining a constant factor approximation is a strong result. However, there are several aspects of this paper that could be improved. It would be good to have some non-trivial lower bounds as a complement to the upper bound. The analysis could have been further improved, with the authors mentioning an "innovative analysis" but not elaborating on what is innovative about it, and it is difficult to extract the main ideas and steps of the analysis from the sketch of the proof. Finally, the influence maximization application could also be more convincing. For testing, the authors used a very simple objective for influence maximization that consists only of the size of the neighborhood around the seed node. It is not clear how traditional influence maximization objectives, where the value of the function depends on the entire network for any set of seed nodes, can fit into a streaming setting.