This paper describes a modification to the output layer of a recurrent neural network model that enables learning of model parameters from both gold and projected annotations in a low-resource language. The traditional SoftMax output layer, which defines a distribution over the possible labels, is multiplied by a fully connected layer that models the noise generation process, resulting in another output layer representing a distribution over the noisy labels.

Overall, this is a strong submission. The proposed method is suitable, simple, and elegant. The paper reports good results on POS tagging for eight simulated low-resource languages and two real low-resource languages using a small set of gold annotations and a large set of cross-linguistically projected annotations for training. The method is so modular that it is likely to be used by researchers working on various NLP problems in low-resource scenarios.

From a practical standpoint, the experimental setup is unusual. While I can think of some situations where a POS tagger needs to be built with 1000 token annotations (e.g., in some DARPA-sponsored research projects), this is quite rare. A better empirical validation of the proposed method would be to plot the tagging accuracy of the proposed method (and the baseline) varying the size of the gold annotations. This plot would help answer the following questions: Does it hurt performance on the target language if we use this method while we have a lot of gold annotations? What is the approximate amount of gold annotations below which this method is beneficial? Does the answer depend on the target language?

Beyond cross-linguistic projection, noisy labels can potentially be obtained from other sources (e.g., crowd sourcing) and in a separate tag set from the gold annotations. Although the additional potential effect is exciting, the paper only shows results with cross-linguistic projection with one tag set.

It is surprising that the proposed training objective gives equal weight to gold versus noisy labels. Since the setup assumes the availability of a small gold-annotated corpus, it would be informative to specify whether it is beneficial to tune the contribution of the two terms in the objective function.

In line 357, the paper describes the projected data as a pair of word tokens (x_t) and their vector representation \tilde{y}, but does not explicitly mention what the vector representation looks like (e.g., a distribution over cross-linguistically projected POS tags for this word type). A natural question to ask here is whether the approach still works if we construct \tilde{y} using projected POS tags at the token level (instead of aggregating all predictions for the same word type). Furthermore, since only one-to-one word alignments are preserved, it is not clear how to construct \tilde{y} for words that never align.

Line 267, replace one of the two closed brackets with an opening bracket.