Paper Summary:

This paper tackles an interesting and under-researched problem of tracking changes in the underlying dependency structure between variables in a stream of data points (such as time-based).

The authors focus on an efficient ( computationally/memory-wise) solution for simple SEM models. They develop a new algorithm for this task, named LoSST. LoSST uses a standard batch learning algorithm (PC by Spirtes et al, 2000) to learn the underlying structure and tracks multiple statistics from the data stream to determine whether to start learning a new structure. The tracked statistics include the distance from the weighted mean of each variable, the correlation matrix (eq. 1,2), and the weighted sample size. There is a weighting scheme for each new point for the sample weight based on how "surprising" the new data point is (Eq. 3,4). The Mahalanobis distance (MD) of each point is calculated, and the p-values estimated for the MDs by Hotting's T2 distribution are combined to calculate an overall "significance" statistic \rho using weighted pooling of the p-values of the Liptak. This statistic is then used with the previous step in a noisy OR configuration to determine whether to start learning a new structure. The authors compare vanilla PC batch learning on synthetic data sets where either changes in parameters or changes in the structure are introduced after a certain set of data points, testing for different numbers of variables and maximum degree of configuration. Finally, they conduct a brief analysis of real-life data from the US price index with 529 data points (starting from 1967) and six variables. They show that the algorithm detects some known changes/trends in the US economy while ignoring short-term changes.

Pros:

1.  The paper tackles an interesting and under-researched problem. As the authors note, there is much room for further development of practical solutions for these and other models, as well as for matching theory and theoretical guarantees.
2.  The algorithm is new and practical/efficient. It makes creative use of various methods for this.
3.  The experiments seem sufficient to try to track the impact of various parameters and include an interesting real-life data set.
4.  The authors provide a good review of previous work on this problem.
5.  Overall, well-written.

Cons:

1.  The biggest drawback in the paper regarding this interesting problem is any guarantee under the theory or some assumptions. Convergence and perseverance are like opposing forces as the authors note (p. 4), but it seems that some types of guarantees should be commendable under simplified conditions. At least mention it as another direction for future work.
2.  Similarly, the solution suggested by the authors, LoSST, is heavily biased towards the heuristic/hack side. This is fine and enables the authors to achieve a practical solution, but the decisions involved should be noted more readably. Since tracking the mean and correlation matrix is straightforward, these mostly involve decisions on re-weighting, effective sample size, and when/how to re-learn. The authors make creative use of some methods under conditions that perhaps nullify the guarantees of these methods. For example, they estimate the MD p-value using Hotting's T2 distribution. They set the sample size N to the effective sample size S^r. However, that distribution was developed for full calculations from a given distribution, not for partial/re-weighted calculations. If they actually sampled these partial weights from these nets/structures, would the distribution follow this form? Similarly, Liptak's weighted p-value was developed for meta-analysis using independent tests with different sample sizes. At least if the methods are used outside their guarantees/context, the authors should clearly state this, so that readers do not have misconceptions/understandings.

Other Comments:

- The authors make creative use of footnotes to outline the evidence, perhaps beyond the intention of Leslie Lamport or the conference organizers. Consider using supp for that and other missing details.
- The figures are too small, there is unnecessary space between them, labels are missing, details are missing in captions, legends, etc. The description of the experiments is not clear enough (for example, the top paragraph p. 7 is hidden).
- The explanation of why LoSST performs poorly when adding on the edge when only the parameters are changed is not satisfactory.
- Regarding the above, it seems desirable that the sparking parameter update and structure update should be separated.

A truly interesting direction for future research in which practical, albeit heuristic, implementations are in the first place.