This manuscript presents an idea for organizing structure learning for SEMs.

SEMs work with data sets that are only locally i.i.d., meaning that the data may originate from different underlying models over time. This paper is well-written and easy to understand, and addresses a significant problem: learning from time-dependent data, which has been neglected by many of the most widely used algorithms for structure learning. According to experiments with the PC method, techniques for extending learning to time-dependent data are simple but effective.

There are two suggestions that could clarify the paper's contribution. First, the experiments state that "any other standard graphical model structure learning algorithms will perform equally,..." I believe this claim is very strong. The differences between methods for structure learning can be significant. It is better to rephrase it, making it clear that the experiments are about the PC method with adaptations for time-independent and time-dependent data, which is very relevant, and so on (and then stating that it is assumed that it will be similar to other methods); or maintain the claim and then explain in detail why this would be the case.

Secondly, the conclusions discuss that applying similar ideas for structure learning of Bayesian networks may not be such an easy task, due to difficulties in maintaining sufficient data. Even if that problem is not necessarily central to the proposal in this paper, it shows that using a similar learning process for Bayesian networks and other models may require more than just a few tips. Therefore, I think the paper would benefit from revealing this fact from the beginning, perhaps by presenting the paper in more direct terms about its goal in SEM models, yet stating that extensions to other models may be possible (but not necessarily straightforward). In short, the paper could be a little sharp about its scope. It is a well-written paper about graph structure learning for SEMs, under the assumption that the data is only locally i.i.d. The formulation is simple to understand and implement, and the experimental results look promising, even though the focus is only on comparisons using the PC method. I accept the feedback received from the authors.