This work provides a method for performing parallel batch Bayesian optimization. It involves computing a biased-optimal batch of configurations for subsequent evaluation. The proposed method measures the utility of evaluating a batch of configurations using the Knowledge Gradient (q-KG). To efficiently maximize the acquisition function, they present a method based on infinitesimal perturbation analysis to estimate the gradient of q-KG. In three experiments, they showed that q-KG works competitively with existing parallel Bayesian optimization methods in problems without observation noise and gives better results than these methods in problems with observation noise. I liked the idea of performing parallel hyperparameter optimization to allow efficient use in multi-core environments, but some aspects remain unclear to me, and I am not satisfied with the experimental results. Below are responses to each point above and some questions:

Technical Quality: The paper used a general artificial benchmark function to demonstrate the superiority of the proposed method. In addition to these inexpensive-to-evaluate problems, the paper also presents results for optimizing a CNN and logistic regression for Cifar10/MNIST. In the testing section, I would like to see an experiment showing the wall-clock time or an analysis of how much benefit can be gained by using this parallel method compared to a general random search or sequential optimization. Also, I don't understand why the value of q should be set to 4 for all the tests.

Novelty/Originality: The paper proposes using the Knowledge Gradient (a generalization of expected improvement) as the acquisition function and infinitesimal perturbation analysis (IPA) to maximize q-KG. Both methods are not new, and the paper mentions "parallel Bayesian global optimization of expensive functions," which already shows how to use IPA to select a batch of configurations using expected improvement.

Impact/Utility: Parallel hyperparameter tuning methods are highly relevant for many (real-world) applications in fields such as machine learning, computer vision, biology, and robotics.

Clarity/Presentation: The technical details and background section are well described, and the testing section contains everything necessary to understand the comparisons performed.

Questions to the Authors: 1) Since Wang et al. (2015) seems very relevant to this work and the code is available online, have you compared it with this method? (Or should it be called q-EI to distinguish it from the Spearman's parallel method, if it is "Parallel EI in MOE"). It would be beneficial to clearly state the differences in the paper to avoid confusion. 2) Nowadays, multi-core systems allow for more than 4 parallel runs. For example, "Scalable Bayesian Optimization Using Deep Neural Networks" used up to 800 parallel runs of "Parallel Algorithm Configuration", LION'12 used 25 SMAC runs in parallel "Practical Bayesian Optimization of Machine Learning Algorithms", NIPS'12 used up to 10 parallel runs of Spearman's method. Do you have any idea how much your method scales and how much benefit can be gained from more parallel runs? 3) At the moment, your method is supposed to run synchronously. Would it be possible to run it asynchronously like Spearman's method? 4) Finally, wall-clock time is important. Have you evaluated how your method compares with random search or general sequential Bayesian optimization in terms of wall-clock time? How much is the overhead for calculating a new batch? 5) What does "iteration" mean as an x-label on your plot? Is it the number of function evaluations or the number of batches? And does the x-axis include the initial design? If so, why don't all methods start from the same value?

Minor Comments: Is there any z^(1:n) missing in eq (4.1)? "This architecture has been carefully tuned by a human expert and achieves an experimental error" -> achieves. The parenthetical references are not nouns, such as "[16] recommends parallelizing" should be "Snoek et al. [16] recommends parallelizing". * I don't think "Wang et al. (2015)" is the correct reference for IPA, because they do not present the method, but use and apply it.