This paper specifically focuses on a convolutional neural network and develops a method for training attention gating parameters to optimize the network's classification performance. It addresses a crucial problem in computer vision: how complex, deep processing stages can be adaptively reconfigured when limited resources and the need to solve various tasks arise. The classification results are impressive, but the whole thing is a black box – it provides useful guidance for following but does not reveal why the method works. The analysis of the figure representation is not very informative, and there is no idea what the learned parameters (mean and variance of the theta distribution) are doing. Nevertheless, fixing the parameters after learning this task is a significant step beyond the current paradigm of large, feed-forward networks. The representation is quite clear, although some equations have typos (or need to be explained better).

Major Comments:
I would like the authors to seriously explore the connection with dynamic systems. The work seems closer to a recurrent network than reinforcement learning. The reward is observed immediately, and the policy is deterministic, so training involves a traversal through the space of the recurrent "policy" parameter theta to maximize the observed objective function.

The analysis of the network processing of the cat image model did not seem very helpful in understanding how the new features in the model help in recognition. Why do layer 1 activations increase in the first iteration? Does it affect the objective function, or is the output unchanged for global scaling? It might be instructive to focus on a small region of the image and analyze the evolution of the gating variable in that region. Also, it would be interesting to see the difficult situations – incorrectly classified by the standard Maxout network but correctly labeled by the proposed model, or to find out what further limits the effect of the learned model parameters (mean and variance of theta).

Minor Comments:
Algorithm 1 Description: Where is h_M defined? Is it a step in the collection of observations? Are the image fitness values collected in an array or overwritten in each iteration within the loop over the images (j)?
Equation 11: What is the sum over? Is equation 8 for a single image, and should be indexed by j?
What does 'x' and 'd' mean after equation 11?
I am not clear why theta regularization is needed, since theta is already sampled from the previous one and will go towards smaller values. In fact, the last step of optimization (updating the gradient on the parameters after fitting and evaluating theta) is not well explained (how you calculate the gradient) or theoretically justified (are you adjusting the hyper-parameters of the posterior on the policies)?
Interesting method of creating deep recurrent networks for recognition. Understanding from higher classification accuracy compared to the standard method suggests that recurrent computation helps extract or focus on more complex features of the image, but the black box method does not explain why it is effective.