This paper, introduced by Mohan and others, discusses the problem of detectability in the presence of various constructed methods for data missingness. Some existing results have been improved, and some beautiful examples have been given (e.g., the detectability of causal distribution even when the conditional distribution is not available).

Quality
The technical quality is probably high, the results seem very complex but correct. Results like Theorem 3 are clear and explainable. Some results are incremental improvements over existing results, and (as far as I can see) do not contribute to a larger picture of what is actually happening here.

Section 3 seems out of place with the rest of the paper, and its main result ( Theorem 1) is quite difficult to understand. It seems closely related to Richardson (2009)'s Markov blanket result. Later the quality improves, Section 5 gives some beautiful clear answers, and Section 6 gives some interesting results about causal inquiry.

---
Clarity
This is the main weakness of this paper. Firstly, there is probably too much material for a conference paper (although some of its importance is unclear), which is evidenced by the density of the text and the 13-page technical appendix. The article does not flow clearly, and as a result is difficult to follow - perhaps it would have worked better as a longer, more considered, journal paper.

Although it is not easy to find good notation for so much quantity, notation can certainly be improved. Using the same large 'V' to represent so many different things makes it difficult for the reader, and in some places the subscripts become unintelligible. Moreover, the fact that Vi is a vertex but Vo is a set of vertices is particularly confusing. The set equation of Theorem 1 is probably the most extreme example of poor presentation.

---
Basics and significance
Sections 5 and 6 are clear and interesting, and probably quite important. This paper deals with an important problem, and contains results that seem really interesting and useful.

Perhaps it should be looked back at what is happening in the general case, and a complete criterion for detectability in this framework (should be tried to be derived) (as was achieved in the case of finding causal effects without missingness). It is difficult to imagine a statistician walking through this series of papers and finding specific results that show the (in)detectability of the causal effects of interest, especially if that result is as complex as Theorem 1.

Theorems 2 and 1 seem to be a form of inverse probability weights. The reason these results work is probably related to the conditioning sets for R(i) being Markov blankets in the mixed graphs used by the author. Richardson (2003) and (2009) may be relevant.

---
Other comments
Page 4, line 214: R^part is a partition of R, not a "set containing the partition". The condition on line 214 should then be that Rx and Ry "belong to distinct elements of the partition".
The language is sometimes a bit informal: e.g., 'oftentimes'
Use \leftrightarrow instead of <--> on page 4 line 214.
Is Garcia (2013) really wrong, or just a different framework?
A notation is used for the graph constructed by intersecting edges in Definition 4 and Theorem 4, but not defined anywhere.
Vo and Vm are used in sentences before they are defined (clearly unnecessarily).

---
References
Richardson, T.S., Markov Properties for Acyclic Directed Mixed Graphs, SJSS 30(1) 145-157, 2003
Richardson, T.S., A Factorization Criterion for Acyclic Directed Mixed Graphs, UAI 25, 2009.
Important problems and useful methods, although marred by poor presentation and notation.