This paper discusses the problem of generating a sequence of sentences by describing a sequence of natural sentences and provided images. This problem is certainly important in the field of computer vision and pattern recognition research, but it is closely related to generating multiple sentences by describing provided video content (e.g., [Rohrbach+ 2014]). A single video content can be considered as a sequence of images, since the video content can be divided into multiple video shots, and each shot can be well described by a key frame. However, none of this type of research is cited in this paper.

This paper is well-written and easy to follow. The problem is clearly stated and solved using some difficult techniques.

The proposed neural network model, called CRCN, achieves a relationship between natural sentences and a sequence of images. The structure of the proposed model is technically sound and it also describes the relationship between the discussed entities very well with the help of an entity-based coherence model.

The method of generating natural sentences is reasonable but quite primitive: each natural sentence is directly associated with a training image similar to the provided image, and all sequences are connected in the order of the corresponding images.

In section 4.1, "We reuse the Disneyland blog data from [11] and collect new data from NYC using the same crawling method as in [11]," the dataset is not disclosed, and the corresponding research paper does not provide details on how to crawl the dataset. This indicates that the authors of this paper are almost the same as the authors of [11], and therefore the identity has been intentionally concealed in this situation.

Equation (2) may be incorrect, as it implies that st can only be derived from ot, and thus the network is not fully connected. The proposed neural network model is technically sound and it also describes the relationship between the discussed entities very well with the help of an entity-based coherence model. Meanwhile, the method of generating sentences for the provided image stream is quite ad-hoc. I think this paper can be accepted as a poster paper.