General Notes:

This paper presents an exploration of the relationship between part-of-speech tags and word embedding. Specifically, the authors use word embedding to draw some interesting (if not quite straightforward) conclusions about the stability of part-of-speech tags and the clear relationship between word vector representations and part-of-speech. Detailed error analysis (of the outliers of the classification) is certainly a strong point of this paper.

However, it seems a crucial key point is missing in this paper: why were corpora like BNC part-of-speech tagged in the first place? Unlike the purely linguistic search of morphosyntactic categories (which are outlined by a semantic prototype theory - see Croft, 1991, for example), these corpora were created and tagged to facilitate further NLP tasks, mostly parsing. The entire discussion could then be redefined as to whether the differences made by the distribution vectors are more beneficial for parsing than for the original tag (or UPOS).

Furthermore, many related works are missing in this paper in terms of distribution-based part-of-speech induction. I recommend starting with the review by Christodoulogopoulos et al. 2010 and adding some more recent non-DNN works, including Blumenbaum and Kohn (2011), Yatbaz et al. (2012), etc. In light of this work, the results in Section 5 are hardly new (there are systems that have more restrictions in terms of their external knowledge that achieve comparable results).

Specific Issues

One of the results contributed to the summary is that "distribution vectors contain information about part-of-speech association". Unless I'm misunderstanding the sentence, this is hardly a new result, especially for English: every distribution-based part-of-speech induction system that presents "many-to-one" or "cluster purity" numbers in the last 15 years shows the same results. The claim made in lines 79-80 ("the relationship between vectors... is mostly semantic") is not correct: <MIKOLOV or COLOBERT> papers (and later works) show that these vectors contain a lot of syntactic information. See also the previous comment about cluster purity scores. In fact you reverse that statement at the beginning of Section 2 (lines 107-108).

Why go to UPOS? Certainly the nuances of the original tagset are more interesting.

I don't understand footnote 3. Were these failed attempts made by you or other works? Under what criteria did they fail? What about the Brown cluster vector? They are almost completely aligned with the UPOS tag.

Is the observation that "proper nouns are not the same as common nouns" (lines 331-332) that interesting? Doesn't the existence of "the" (the most frequent function word) almost single-handedly explain this difference?

While I understand the practical reasons for analyzing the most frequent word/tag pairs, it would be interesting to see what happens in the tail, both in terms of vectors and the types of errors made by the classifier.

Then you can try to imagine alternatives to pure distribution-based (and morphological - since you are lemmatizing) features that would allow better generalization of part-of-speech tags for these low-frequency words.

Minor Issues

Change sentence references to \newcite{} for example "MIKOLOV et al. (2013b) showed"