I agree with reviewer 2 on the interesting part of the paper. The idea of removing or adding units is certainly an interesting direction, which will either increase or decrease the model with the lines required by the problem and data, rather than the user's prior knowledge.

The author presents an interesting theoretical result that proves that the error function under fan-out or fan-in regularization is obtained for an optimal finite number of parameters – therefore the net does not grow indefinitely, unless it completely overfits the data.

This reminds me of more traditional approaches like Lasso or Elastic Net, in which regularization generates sparse weights. I would have liked more intuition given to this theorem. It's a good result, somewhat expected (finally intuitive for me) and I would have liked more space given to such intuition in the paper. For example, less discussion on prior work (this is also good, but not as important as discussing and studying the main result of the paper) could make more space to address theoretical results. Please see below (point 2) for some suggestions as well.

I also have some other comments to make:
1. An interesting experiment would be to show that your model, where nodes (neurons) are automatically added or removed, can perform better than a net with the same number of nodes (finally, after full learning), in which the size and number of nodes per layer are fixed from the beginning. This would prove the efficiency of the idea. This is where your method is interesting: do you save the nodes that are not needed and replace them with the nodes that are needed? Do you optimize performance versus memory?

I understand that the experiments with this line are given in Figure 2, which have mixed results. I must say that the figure is not very clear, but it is possible to interpret it under careful observation.

In some cases, non-parametric nets are performing better and others are performing worse than parametric nets. Even in such a case, I can see the usefulness of the method because it helps in structure discovery.

What I don't quite understand is why they can sometimes perform better than an end net that can be trained from scratch: why is the non-parametric version of learning better than the parametric version, when the final net is already known? Can you provide more information?
2. Can you discuss the meaning and implications of Theorem 1 better? I think this theorem has simply been put there without any proper discussion. Beyond the proofs from the appendix, what is the main intuition of the theorem? What does it say in plain English? For me, the conclusion seems almost natural and clear. Is there any powerful intuition?

As I mentioned before, I think this theoretical result deserves more space, with even more experiments to support it. For example, can the regulator parameter lambda be estimated given the data – is there any property in the data that can help estimate the correct lambda? My feeling is that lambda is an important factor in determining the final net structure. Is this true?

How much does the structure of the final net depend on the initialization? Do you get different nets when starting from different random weights? How different are they?

What happens when fan-in and fan-out regulators are combined? Do you still have the same theoretical result?

I have some additional questions:
1. Why do you say that adding zero units changes the regulator value? For example, does the L2 norm change if you add zero values?
2. Zero units are defined as either fan-in or fan-out weights being zero. I think you meant that both fan-in and fan-out weights are zero, otherwise you cannot remove the unit and keep the same output f. I think this should be clarified better.

I have changed my rating to 7, while hopefully the author will address my above comments.