This paper addresses the problem of allowing networks to change the number of units used during training. This is done in a simple but elegant and well-motivated manner. Units with zero input or output weights are added or removed during training, while a group sparsity criterion is used for regularization to encourage unit weights to go to zero. The main theoretical contribution is to show that with proper regularization, the loss is minimized by a network with a limited number of units. In practice, this result does not guarantee that the resulting network will fit the training data more or less, but some early experiments suggest that it does not seem to.

A potential advantage of learning approaches using the number of units in a network is reducing the burden of tuning hyperparameters. A disadvantage of this approach (and perhaps of any approach) is that it does not actually solve this problem. There are still many hyperparameters in the network that implicitly control the number of units that will emerge, including parameters that control how often new units are added and how quickly the weights can drop to zero. It is unclear whether these hyperparameters will be easier or harder to tune than standard approaches. In fairness, the authors do not claim that they have made training easier, but it is a little disappointing that it does not seem to.

The authors emphasize that they are able to train networks that use fewer units to achieve the same performance as parameterically trained networks. This is potentially important, as smaller networks can reduce run-time, power consumption, and memory footprint on test runs, which is particularly important on mobile devices. However, the authors do not experimentally compare existing approaches that attempt to reduce the size of parameterically trained networks (for example, by pruning trained networks), so it is unclear whether this approach is actually competitive with the best current approaches for reducing the size of trained networks.

Another potential disadvantage of the proposed approach is that the same hyperparameters control both the number of units appearing in the network and the training time. Therefore, training can potentially be much slower for this approach than for a parametric approach with fixed hyperparameters. In practice, many parametric approaches require methods such as grid search to choose hyperparameters, which can be very slow, but in many other cases experience with similar problems can make the choice of hyperparameters relatively easy. This means that the cost of grid search is not always given, but the slowness of the authors' approach may be spatial. The authors do not discuss how much this issue will increase when training large networks. It is a concern that this approach may not be practical for large-scale networks, as training will be very slow.

In general, the experiments are helpful and encouraging, but not comprehensive or fully convincing. I would like to see experiments on much larger problems before I am convinced that this approach can actually be practical or widely useful.

Overall, I found this to be an interesting and clearly written paper that makes potentially useful points. The overall vision of building networks that grow and adapt through lifelong learning is inspiring, and such work may be needed to realize this kind of vision. But the current results remain quite speculative.