This paper was submitted to arXiv last week:

This paper presents a new, universal dataset and task for goal-oriented dialogue applications. The dataset and task are artificially generated using rule-based programs, in such a way that various aspects of the dialogue system's performance can be evaluated, from calling APIs to displaying alternatives, as well as the complete dialogue.

This is a welcome contribution to dialogue literature, which will help facilitate future research in the creation and understanding of dialogue systems. However, there are some weaknesses to adopting this approach. Firstly, it is not clear how suitable deep learning models are for these tasks compared to traditional methods (rule-based systems or shallow models), because deep learning models require many training examples, and therefore the difference in performance between different neural networks may only be due to regularization techniques. Tasks 1-5 are also not fully conclusive, which means that evaluating performance in these tasks will not measure the models' ability to handle noisy and ambiguous interactions (such as estimating a distribution on the user's goal, or performing dialogue repair techniques), which is a very important aspect in dialogue applications. Overall, I still believe this is an interesting area to explore.

As discussed in the comments below, the paper does not include a baseline model with word sequence information. I think this is a strong weakness of the paper, as it makes the neural networks unreasonably powerful, but simpler baselines than the proposed neural networks are probably competitive (or even better). To maintain a fair assessment and properly evaluate the presentation learning ability for this task, I think it is important for the authors to experiment with an additional non-neural network benchmark model that considers word sequence information. This will further demonstrate the usefulness of deep learning models for this task. For example, one could experiment with a logistic regression model that takes as input 1) word embedding (similar to supervised embedding models), 2) by-gram features, and 3) match-type features. If such a baseline is included, I would raise my rating to 8.

Final small comment: In conclusion, the paper states that "there is no specific performance measure for existing work." This is not actually true. There are well-defined performance measures for end-to-end trainable models for task-oriented dialogue. For example, see Wayne et al.'s "A Network-based End-to-End Trainable Task-oriented Dialogue System." On the other hand, evaluating non-goal-oriented dialogue is generally difficult, but these can also be evaluated if human subjects are given. In fact, Liu et al. (2016) did this for Twitter. Also, see Yu et al.'s "Strategy and Policy Learning for Non-Task-Oriented Conversational Systems."

----
I have updated my score following the new results added to the paper.