In 2016, the use of chatbots in every aspect of human-computer interaction was a major trend. It was claimed that they could solve many types of dialogues beyond ordinary conversations. This paper is an important reality check. Although it is primarily relevant to dialogue/natural language platforms (to educate software engineers about the limitations of current chatbots), it can also be published in machine learning platforms (to educate researchers about the more realistic validity of ML applied to dialogue). Therefore, I consider this work to be very important.

The basis of this paper is two important assumptions, which will likely create opportunities for further research. Although these are not in written form, Antoine Bordes explicitly mentioned these assumptions during his presentation at the NIPS workshop. Considering the metrics selected in this paper, it is observed:
1) The performance of end-to-end ML methods is still not sufficient for goal-based dialogue.
2) When comparing algorithms, the relative performance of synthetic data is a good indicator of natural data performance. This will be quite different from previous observations, but the authors have made a strong effort to match synthetic and natural conditions.

Although its main algorithmic contribution is a simple addition to memory networks (match types), this is the first time they have been placed and tested in goal-based dialogue, and the experimental protocol is excellent. Overall, the clarity of the paper is excellent and is easy to understand for readers outside of ML and dialogue research. The brief appendix on memory networks, which summarizes them very well, and then the tables explaining the impact of hop count, particularly impressed me.

This paper represents a state of the art in the field of more rigorous metric exploration for dialogue modeling, but it reminds us how fragile and somewhat arbitrary they are. Remember, this is a recommendation for future research rather than a correction.

Firstly, they use counter-dialogue accuracy (basically classification of subsequent statements within a specific list of answers). Looking at Table 3, it is clear how unreasonable it can be in practice: here, only one correct API call and a reasonably short dialogue are required, even though this will only give us 1/7 accuracy, because the 6 bot answers required to reach the API call also need to be correct.

Would counter-dialogue accuracy, where all answers need to be correct, be better? Table 2 shows how sensitive it is to the experimental protocol. At first, I was puzzled that the accuracy of subtask T3 (0.0) was much lower than the accuracy of the complete dialogue T5 (19.7), until the authors showed me the task definition (3.1.1) where 3 alternatives need to be displayed for T3, while only one alternative needs to be displayed for T5.

What if, for the Conscience data, 'correct' meant the best of 5-best rather than the best?

Although I cannot blame the authors for using standard dialogue metrics and creating new metrics that are actually very frustrating, I can think of a way to present the dialogue that could create a more meaningful metric in goal-based dialogue. Suppose I sell a virtual assistant as a service, and I get paid for successfully completing a dialogue. So, which metric will maximize my income? In the case of this restaurant problem, the loss would probably be a weighted sum of the number of errors in the API call, the number of steps required to reach that API call, and the number of rejected options by the user. However, such losses cannot be measured in canned dialogue and would require either a real human user or a realistic simulator.

Another problem closely related to representation learning that this paper fails to properly address or explain is what if the user's vocabulary does not match the vocabulary of the knowledge base exactly? In particular, if the match type algorithm is to code 'Indian' as 'type of food', this word must be exactly in KB. I can imagine a situation where KB uses some ambiguous terminology, and we want ML to learn the relationships instead of describing them by hand.