Summary:

This paper presents a new dataset for evaluating end-to-end goal-oriented dialogue systems. All data is generated in a restaurant environment, where the goal is to book a table for the bot as part of a dialogue based on parameters provided by the user. Data is generated by running a simulation using an underlying knowledge base to create samples for various parameters (recipes, price ranges, etc.), and then applying rule-based transformations to create natural language descriptions. The purpose is to rank a set of possible responses for each subsequent turn of the dialogue and provide an evaluation in terms of counter-reaction accuracy and counter-dialogue accuracy. The authors show that memory networks are capable of being superior to basic bag-of-words baselines.

Thoughts:

I would like to thank the authors for an interesting contribution. However, I am skeptical about the usefulness of end-to-end trained systems in a narrow-domain setting. In an open-domain setting, a strong argument can be made that all states and responses cannot be hand-coded, so end-to-end trained methods are much more meaningful. However, in a narrow-domain setting, we usually know and understand the domain quite well, and the goal is to achieve high user satisfaction. So, in this case, isn't it meaningful to create the best possible system using domain knowledge?

Since the domain is already limited, I am somewhat disappointed that the goal is to rank instead of generate responses, although I understand that this makes evaluation much easier. In reality, I am also not sure how these possible responses will be obtained? It seems that the models rank all sets of responses in training/value/test (last sentence before paragraph 3.2). Since a key argument of end-to-end training methods is to easily scale to new domains without manually recreating the system, where does this information actually get generated for a new domain? Generating responses will allow for better generalization in the new domain, as opposed to simply ranking a list of generic responses collected by hand, and in my opinion, this is the weakest part of the work.

Finally, since data is generated using a simulation that expands tuples using NL-generation rules (recipes, prices,...), this necessarily limits the variability of the training responses. Of course, this is traded off with the ability to generate unlimited data using the simulator. However, I did not see the list of rules used. It would also be good to publish this.

Overall, despite my doubts, I think this is an interesting contribution worthy of publication at the conference.

------
I have updated my score following clarifications and new results.