Based on initial work connecting early mirror descent and continuous-time ODEs, the authors have expanded ODE dynamics with a more general average scheme and proposed a new adaptive average strategy for its discretization. In some cases, the new version of AMD with adaptive averaging performs better than the existing AMD algorithm upon restart. The proposed adaptive average strategy is interestingly new and comes with a good intuition. While the paper looks good overall, originality and utility remain a major concern. - Most elements (e.g., Lyapunov function, discretization, etc.) are directly derived from an initial NIPS paper [7]. The extension from simple averages to generalized averages is somewhat insignificant and not very useful because the authors ultimately only consider the case of quadratic rates; higher-order methods will be needed for faster rates, which are not always applicable. - Some results, for example, the interpretation of the energy function, reconstruction in primitive form, reduction in replication dynamics, promote a better understanding of the Rapid Mirror Descent algorithm, but are not significant for advancing machine learning. - Although adaptive averaging is presented to meet sufficient conditions to guarantee the convergence of ODEs, it is not entirely theoretically based due to approximations during discretization. Still, no clear convergent result is provided, meaning it is again just an estimate, as referred to by the authors. Furthermore, there are many different average schemes of Nestor's Rapid Algorithm; without comparing to other options, it is not clear whether this adaptive version makes a big difference. - Experimenting on a toy example with only quadratic/linear objectives is not interesting enough or convincing enough to demonstrate the benefits with adaptive averaging, especially for the general case with strongly convex. == After the rebuttal answer == I have read the authors' rebuttal and they promise to add additional high-dimensional and non-quadratic examples to the revision - Theoretical proof of the convergence of adaptive averaging - Implementation of adaptive averaging on Nestorov's cubic-regular Newton method - Comparison with other adaptive averages I have accordingly updated my score.