The authors propose a novel method to capture complex long-time dependencies in count vectors by leveraging recurrent neural networks to represent implicit distributions, specifically modeled as gamma distributions. The shape parameters of these gamma distributions, which encode the temporal dependencies, are approximated by neural networks that integrate information from both prior (higher layers) and likelihood (lower layers). The neural network parameters are updated using the expectation of the latent variables, a technique that reduces variance introduced by sampling and improves computational efficiency. This model offers an interesting and effective approach to addressing the long-dependency problem in dynamic models. However, the manuscript appears somewhat rushed and I have several comments for improvement:

1. There are several critical typos throughout the manuscript, for example, in equation 10.
2. The authors fix the scale parameter of the gamma distributions and only update the shape parameter. This design choice requires detailed discussion and analysis to justify its effectiveness and potential limitations.
3. The experimental evaluation only presents results for a two-layer model. A more comprehensive analysis should include comparisons with models employing a single layer and more layers, to better understand the impact of network depth on performance. Furthermore, a discussion of other important hyperparameters, such as window size and the number of factors, is necessary.
4. To enhance understanding, I recommend including a detailed graphical illustration of the complete model architecture. The authors could draw inspiration from Figure 1 in [1] as a starting point.
5. Recent advances in deep Poisson factor analysis, such as the models proposed in [2] and [3], should be discussed in the Introduction to provide a more complete context for the presented work.

[1] Chung J, Kastner K, Dinh L, et al. A Recurrent Latent Variable Model for Sequential Data. NIPS, 2015.
[2] Mingyuan Zhou, Yulai Cong, and Bo Chen, Augmentable gamma belief networks, Journal of Machine Learning Research,17(163), 1-44, 2016.
[3] Yulai Cong, Bo Chen, Hongwei Liu, and Mingyuan Zhou, Deep latent Dirichlet allocation with topic-layer-adaptive stochastic gradient Riemannian MCMC, ICML 2017.



