This paper discusses the problem of resolving ambiguity or embedding textual entities within a given background knowledge base (e.g., the English Wikipedia). (Its title and introduction are somewhat exaggerated/misleading, as establishing a connection between the text and the knowledge base requires much more than the EDL task, but the EDL is a core part of the overall work.) This method involves an intermediate representation layer, such as the meaning of the reference (the meaning of the reference), for establishing this connection, following two steps: (1) extracting the meaning from the reference, and (2) embedding the entity from the meaning. Various embedding representations for words, the meaning of the reference, and entities are learned, which collectively are trained to maximize a single overall objective function that equally maximizes all three types of embedding.

Technically, this method is quite clear and consistent with current deep processing fashion and known best practices related to embedding; although one can propose all kinds of alternatives, it is not clear whether they will make material differences. Rather, my comments focus on the fundamental method. However, it is not properly explained why a two-step process involving the meaning of the reference is better than a simple one-step mapping of their entities. From the word reference. (This is the method of Yamada et al., which is called the ALIGN algorithm here.) Table 2 shows that the two-step MPM (even its simplification SPME) does better. Exactly why? What is the exact difference between the meaning of the reference and the entities, and what additional information is needed? To understand, please check whether the following points are correct (and possibly update the paper so that it clarifies exactly what is happening).

For the entities: their profiles are composed of neighboring entities in a related graph. This graph is created (I assume) by looking at the word-level relationships of the entity definitions (Wikipedia pages). Profiles are (extended skip-gram-based) embeddings.

For the words: their profiles are based on the standard distributed semantics method, where the meaning of the reference is not resolved.

For the meaning of the references: their profiles are based on the standard distributed semantics method, but with the advantage of resolving the meaning of the reference. The meaning of the reference is made using a meaning-based profile ('language model') from the local context word and the neighboring reference, which is briefly mentioned just before section 4, but not in detail. This is a problem point of the method. How are the meanings created and separated? Who defines how many meanings can be in a reference string? If it is done by looking at the knowledge base, then we get a bidirectional mapping between the meaning of the reference and the entity - that is, there is exactly one entity for each meaning of the reference (even if there are more entities). In that case, are the definitional profiles of the meaning collection created starting with the entity text as 'seed words'? If so, what information is used in the meaning of the reference layer that is not used in the entity layer? Only those words that are reliably associated with the meaning of the reference, but do not occur on Wikipedia's equivalent entity webpages? On average, how many such words are there for the meaning of the reference? That is, how powerful/necessary is it to keep this additional difference information in a separate place (reference meaning space), or should these additional words be loaded into the entity space (adding these words to Wikipedia entity pages)?

If the above idea is basically correct, please update section 5 of the paper and say so, because (to me) this is the main new information in the paper. This is not true, because the paper says in section 6 that "...this is the first task in dealing with reference ambiguity in the integration of text and knowledge representations, so there is no proper basis for comparison". The TAC KBP has hosted the EDL task for the last two years of evaluation, which involves eight or nine systems, all of which are doing this work, although contrary to Freebase, which is much larger and more confusing than Wikipedia. Please see http://nlp.cs.rpi.edu/kbp/2016/

A positive aspect: I really liked the idea of the smooth parameter of section 6.4.2.

Answer-Answer: I have read the authors' responses. I am not very satisfied with their response about the KBP evaluation not being relevant, but they are interested in the goodness of the embedding. In fact, the only way to evaluate such 'goodness' is an application. No one really cares how beautiful an embedding is conceptually, the question is: does it work better?