This paper proposes a numerical sequence acceleration method (high-order numerical integrator), the Richardson-Romberg extrapolation, to improve the convergence of the SG-MCMC algorithm. This requires running two parallel SG-MCMC chains, where different step sizes and corresponding Gaussian noise injections are applied. Convergence is provided for both finite and infinite features. Tests on synthetic Gaussian models validate the bias of the theorems and the MSE limit, and large-scale matrix factorization tests on real data demonstrate the practical application of the proposed algorithm compared to standard SGLD. Overall, it is a well-written paper in terms of the proposed technique and presentation. I believe this paper makes a valid contribution to the SG-MCMC method and does a good job of putting this method in context with previous similar methods. I have two main concerns: (1) The novelty of the paper may be increased, as the impact of numerical integrators in SG-MCMC has been analyzed in [10], and RR extrapolation proposed in [23] has been used to estimate the irreversible distribution. (2) The practical application of the algorithm may be limited, and there may be a lack of fair comparison in the tests. This is due to the parallel implementation of the SG-MCMC algorithm and the use of related Brownian motion, which requires two chains to communicate at each step. However, it seems that the authors did not consider the cost of communication, assuming that there is no cost. It is good to mention this. It is not clear how computing resources are allocated for SGRRLD and SGLD in the tests. For example, has the single-chain implementation of SGLD been applied using the resources used by the two chains of SGRRLD? If not, it may not be a fair comparison for practical consideration. If yes, the question is how to share resources for the two chains of SGRRLD in the algorithm method. The computational cost of SG-MCMC mainly comes from calculating stochastic gradients, I am wondering if using partial resources in SGRRLD for gradient calculation in each chain will take less wall-clock time than the full resources used in SGLD? Add more details about the implementation setup. Also, is it possible to compare running the two chains of SGLD embarrassingly (without communication)? Small comment: (1) "Unadjusted Langevin Algorithm (ULA)" is shown twice in lines 25 and 70.