The authors propose a new method for learning WMD parameters, essentially EMD, which uses word embedding to calculate on text documents, to calculate non-bin inequalities. The authors parameterize the EMD cost (i.e., ground metric) matrix using the Mahalanobis distance between vector representations. The authors also propose re-weighting some histogram coefficients (see the work of Lebanon, and comment below). The authors provide gradient of NCA-type cost for this problem, and compelling experimental evidence. Overall, this paper seems to be a good combination of existing techniques, and provides very solid experimental results. I would support the acceptance. The strength of the paper is its simplicity and relatively straightforward idea, but it is not easy to implement/test. Therefore, the experimental section is a strong part of this paper. Things to improve: better handle the interaction between regular/non-regular formulations, be more rigorous with the math (the computation/notation is a bit careless), and ideally provide an algorithmic box so that the authors' proposal can be seen more clearly. Some minor comments: - In equation 1, Euclidean distance between word embedding is used as the cost, in equation 6, for the purpose of learning the Mahalanobis metric, that cost becomes a squared Euclidean metric (and thus what is commonly called the 2- వాసర్స్టీన్). To avoid such inconsistencies, it is probably easier to say that the WMD word embedding is p- వాసర్స్టీన్ between clouds, whatever p may be. - The proposed "rewriting" approach in equation 5 is not new; it was already proposed by Guy Lebanon in the context of text document classification ("Metric Learning for Text Documents"). See also "Unsupervised Riemannian Metric Learning for Histograms Using Heisational Transformation" by Le/Kuturi. - Any experimental insight on the importance of the weight vector w in the learned metric? Does that innovation matter? Is it relevant in any way? - Related work: It would be interesting to more clearly underline the differences with previous work. For example, this paper is clearly based on Kuturi/Avis' work, but uses entropy regularization, which clearly speeds up/scales applications. The cost is also different: while discrete in that work, it is now continuous but parameterized with linear maps. These two arguments are missing. This paper also takes from Wang et al, but that paper is not publishable. The OT optimization is also run only once in their paper, and clearly does not work in the proposed form.