This paper demonstrates a supervised method for learning the Word Movings Distance (WMD) between documents. WMD is inspired by the Movings Distance from previous literature. More specifically, it calculates the optimal transport to obtain the distance from one distribution of words to another within a document. For the transport distance between words, Word2Vec embeddings are initially used. In this paper, the authors propose learning (1) a linear transformation of embedded words and (2) a re-weighted word distribution, so that documents of different labels are more specific. The paper is clearly written and easy to follow. The paper contains a thorough review of previously related work, and the authors have a good understanding of that literature. The authors provide experimental results of their algorithm for several novel datasets. However, the motivation for the formulation and the explanation need further clarification, and the significance is low. 1) Why do the authors use re-weighting of the word distribution using w? This is not well-motivated, and it seems that this re-weighting could completely transform the document into a different document. If the authors have shown why this re-weighting helps without transforming the document into a different document, then this re-weighting can be justified. 2) The contribution of this work is not significant. The re-weighting of w with linear transformation `A' and the NCA objective function is a potential extension to the supervised setting of WMD, but this formulation is not groundbreaking or fancy. 3) How can this algorithm find the distance for a new document? How can one find the re-weight w for a completely new document? 4) It seems that the `semantic difference' in the abstract indicates the label of the document. Official difference or subject difference does not seem to be a semantic difference. Does semantic difference mean something else? Generally, the paper is well-written, and I have no objection to the acceptance of this paper, once the questions are properly explained.