This paper explores convex-concave saddle-point problems. The authors demonstrate how to approach this problem using existing Stochastic Variable Reduced Techniques (such as SVRG and SAGA) in conjunction with a proximal operator. They study these algorithms in a monotonic operator setting, which shows linear convergence. They also propose a faster version and analyze a non-homogeneous sample scheme. Novelty/Originality: The contribution of this paper is significant. The theoretical analysis is in-depth and reveals some new insights for saddle-point problems. The authors propose several extensions to this paper, the most important of which is that their method applies to non-divisible functions. Technical Quality: Although I really like the theoretical contribution of this paper, I was quite disappointed with the way it is presented. I think the authors could have made the paper more accessible by clarifying the connection to monotonic operators. This appears as an extension in Section 6, but the analysis provided by the authors is based on monotonic operators. On the experimental side, I would have liked to see experimental results on more than two datasets. In the case of divisible functions, the authors should also compare methods such as this stochastic variant of the Chamboul-Pok algorithm: http://www.jmlr.org/proceedings/papers/v37/zhanga15.pdf Please add this reference to your submission. There are a few points I would like the authors to clarify: 1. How strong are the assumptions A-C, especially assumption (A). For example, I wonder if their assumptions are valid for solving a saddle-point problem inspired by SVMs. 2. I cannot fully understand the difference between the Stochastic Primal-Dual method and their suggested method. Can the authors elaborate on this point? 3. In Theorem 2, I am not sure about the constant \mu. Is this the memorialization constant mentioned in the appendix? How can we compare this result with the result of Theorem 1? 4. The transition from assumption (A)-(C) to strong memorialization (in the appendix) is confusing. Do the assumptions (A)-(C) imply memorialization? Minor Issues: Some mixing with the condition number and the constant L used as the Lyapunov constant: "The quantity L represents the condition number of the problem" and "We need the Lyapunov constant L". Forward-Backward Algorithm: Please add a reference.