This paper extends several recent incremental algorithms (through their accelerated versions via SVRG, SAGA, and Catalytic) to solve robust convex-concave saddlepoint problems with a finite sum structure, which can result from two types of partitioning: individual or factored partitioning. The authors provide an in-depth study on the complexity of these algorithms under various partitions and different (equal/non-equal) sampling strategies. Experiments conducted on a specific binary classification example show that unequal sampling and acceleration are crucial to defeating competitive batch algorithms. While the idea of reducing variance and expanding incremental algorithms for the saddlepoint problem may seem straightforward, the results established here are remarkably novel, and the technicality is certainly non-trivial. For the critical quadratic saddlepoint problem, the authors show a clear comparison between batch, stochastic, and incremental FB algorithms, which share some similarities with those commonly known for the convex minimization case, and all of this makes sense to me. However, here is my main concern. While solving the saddlepoint problem eliminates the difficulty of non-separability of loss functions, the proposed incremental algorithms seem to suffer from a fundamental obstacle, namely an O(n+d) cost for computing the nearest operator on each iteration. Consequently, the overall complexity, even for accelerated SVRG with unequal sampling, as shown in Tables 1 and 2, is not necessarily better than the accelerated batch version. In particular, when the number of data n is significantly larger than its dimension d, which is the case for most machine learning applications, the complexity under factored partitioning (used later in the simulation) is actually worse than the batch FB algorithm, as shown in Table 2. Contrary to what is commonly known for convex minimization, I did not see any clear sufficient advantage of using variance reduction from a theoretical point of view here. I would suggest that the authors provide an in-depth discussion on this matter and clarify the following questions: i) Is factored partitioning (theoretically) worse than individual partitions, ii) When is accelerated SVRG favorable against batch FB, iii) Is the dependence on n, d sufficiently tight? == Post-Refutation Answer == I have read the author's rebuttal and am satisfied with the response. My issues remain the same.