This paper extends the Stochastic Variable Reduction Technique (SVRG) and Stochastic Augmented Gaussian Algorithm (SAGA) to handle robust convex-concave saddle-point problems where linear convergence is proven. Theoretical and empirical results demonstrate the effectiveness of the Variable Reduction Method on saddle-point problems. This paper extends the Stochastic Variable Reduction Technique (SVRG) and Stochastic Augmented Gaussian Algorithm (SAGA) to handle robust convex-concave saddle-point problems. The proposed algorithm can be applied to many non-divisible saddle-point problems where both the loss (e.g., structured output prediction) and regularization (e.g., fusion term) can be non-divisible. A significant contribution is that, unlike previous convergence analysis on convex problems, the analysis on saddle-point problems is much more complex, and the authors have adopted monotone operators to prove convergence. The analysis also shows that the extended SVRG and SAGA algorithms apply to a wide range of problems in game theory, such as the difference inequality. Considering the stochastic approach, the authors have proposed two different partitions of the gradient operator for SVRG and SAGA, namely, element-wise partitioning and factored partitioning. Variable Reduction works on Stochastic Forward-Backward Algorithms, which are commonly used for saddle-point problems. Non-equalizing sampling is also considered, and both theoretical and empirical results show that variable reduction with non-equalizing sampling is better than with uniform sampling. Both the main article and appendix provide sufficient proof of the theoretical results and demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed methods on both non-divisible loss and regularization. Some minor comments: In Section 5, as an acceleration, the authors [8] follow [8] to include an additional regularization term to make the update similar to an iteration point. It is not clear how to optimally update this iteration point, namely (\bar{x}, \bar{y}), to achieve speed-up. Convergence and acceleration proof for SVRG is provided. Will similar theoretical results exist for SAGA? To avoid confusion, the smooth function K (.) and the design matrix K should use different symbols.