This work describes a combined neural approach for logic mining. It explores several approaches, including:

1) Presenting the problem as a dependency parsing problem (trying out several different parsers)
2) Presenting the problem as a sequence labeling problem
3) Multitasking learning (based on the sequence labeling model below)
4) An out-of-the-box neural model for labeling entities and relations (LSTM-ER)
5) An ILP-based state-of-the-art model

All approaches are evaluated using F1, defined on concepts and relations. Dependency-based solutions do not work well, while sequence labeling solutions are effective.

The out-of-the-box LSTM-ER model performs very well, especially at the paragraph level.

Both sequence labeling and LSTM-ER models perform better than the ILP approach.

A very comprehensive supplement was provided, including all the technical aspects of training the model, optimizing hyper-parameters, etc.

It was also shown that the sequence labeling model can be greatly improved by a multitasking approach (dependency-based task helps more than relationship-based task).

This is a very thorough examination of neural-based approaches for end-to-end logic mining.

- Key Comments
 - My only concern is with the dataset; I wonder if it's a problem that the essays in the train set and test set can be on the same topics, which could result in the author using the same or similar arguments in both essays, leading to information leakage from the train to the test set. In turn, this could give overly optimistic performance estimates. However, I think the same issues exist for ILP models, so your model doesn't have an undue advantage. Still, it might be worth discussing.
 - My second concern is whether one of your best models, LSTM-ER, is actually an out-of-the-box application of the model from a related task. However, given the relative success of the sequence-based model and all the experiments and useful lessons learned, I think this task is publishable.
 - Minor Comments and Questions:
 222 - 226 - I think you're arguing that once you get a tree as output, it's possible to reconstruct the entire graph? Still, this part isn't entirely clear.
 443-444 In this section, the order is sequence tagging -> dependency-based -> MTL. Using sequence tagging, it would be much easier to follow the order of the first two (I forgot what stag_t meant when I got here)
 455 - What does it mean that it separates them but models them jointly (doesn't it require coupling to model them jointly?)
 - I checked Miwa and Bansal and I didn't find it
 477 - 479 - It's confusing when you say that your system separates relationship information from entity information, my best guess is that you mean it learns some tasks as "edges of a tree" and some other tasks as "labels on those edges," thus separating them. In any case, I advise you to clarify this part.
 Are F1 scores comparable in paragraph and essay settings? Especially for relationship tasks. I wonder if paragraph-based models can default to leaving out some cross-paragraph relationships, because they will never consider them.