The authors have extended the moment matching network to a conditional version. Unlike those models, where an instance can be updated and where the extension is very small (conditionally feeding the network), this is not the case here. This is because we need to match a distribution of a large number of samples (mini-batches) with a large number of inputs, but these distributions are no longer the same (unless the same condition is used for a specific update, which is ineffective). The main problem with this paper is that they start with complex mathematics instead of providing insight into the underlying formula (eq (2)), and they do not highlight what was calculated during this algorithm and what its effectiveness is. The authors have extended the moment matching network to a conditional version. Unlike those models, where an instance can be updated and where the extension is very small (conditionally feeding the network), this is not the case here. This is because we need to match a distribution of a large number of samples (mini-batches) with a large number of inputs, but these distributions are no longer the same (unless the same condition is used for a specific update, which is ineffective). The main problem with this paper is that they do not provide a detailed explanation of the optimized formula (eq (2)) in the end, how efficient it is, what is assumed to make it effective, so that the reader can see the actual calculations. Similarly, they do not explain the insights behind it, but rather start with formal mathematics. The non-conditional version of the algorithm can be explained without complex mathematics (such as kernel Hilbert space regeneration) - the formula that has been minimized is intuitive. It would be good to come up with equally good intuitive explanations for the conditional case. It would be good to answer the following questions: - How would you intuitively create the formula (2)? - What are the steps from formula (2) for practical algorithms? Some of this is in complementary parts, but it is difficult to follow.