This paper discusses the problem of allowing networks to change the number of units used during training. It is done in a simple but elegant and well-reasoned manner. During training, weighted units with zero input or output are added or removed, using a group sparsity norm to encourage the unit weights to converge towards zero. The main theoretical contribution is to show that with proper regularization, the loss can be reduced by a network with a limited number of units. In practice, this result does not guarantee that the network will overfit or underfit the training data, but some initial experiments suggest that it does not seem to.

A potential advantage of the learning method of using the number of units in the network is reducing the burden of hyperparameter tuning. One disadvantage of this method (and perhaps any such method) is that it does not actually solve this problem. The network still has several hyperparameters that indirectly control the number of units, including parameters that control how frequently new units are added and how quickly the weights can drop to zero. It is unclear whether these hyperparameters will be easier or harder to tune than standard methods. To be fair, the authors do not claim that they have made training easier, but it is disappointing that it does not seem to be.

The authors emphasize that they are able to train the network using fewer units than a parameter-trained network to achieve comparable performance. This is potentially important, as smaller networks can reduce run-time, power consumption, and memory during testing, which is especially important on mobile devices. However, the authors do not experimentally compare the method of trying to reduce the size of the parameter-trained network with existing methods (e.g., pruning the trained network), so it is unclear whether this method is truly competitive with the current best methods for reducing the size of the trained network.

Another potential disadvantage of the proposed method is that the same hyperparameters control both the number of units displayed in the network and the training time. Therefore, training for this method may be much slower than parametric methods with fixed hyperparameters. In practice, many parametric methods require methods like grid search to select hyperparameters, which can be very slow, but experiencing similar problems in many other cases may make hyperparameter selection relatively easier. This means that the cost of grid search is not always paid off, but the authors' method's slow speed may be permanent. The authors do not discuss how this problem will increase with larger network training. It is a concern that this method may not be practical for large-scale networks, as training will be very slow.

In general, the experiments are helpful and encouraging, but not comprehensive or entirely reliable. I would like to see experiments on larger problems until I am convinced that this method can be truly practical or widely useful.

Overall, I have found this to be an interesting and clearly written paper that highlights a potentially useful topic. The overall approach of creating networks capable of growing and adapting through lifelong learning is inspiring, and such work may be needed to implement such an approach. However, the current results are still quite speculative.