This paper presents a new model for visual question answering (VQA) that focuses on images and questions. Its key innovation lies in proposing a general formula for attention across multiple modalities – a combination of unary, pairwise, and ternary potentials for the three modalities (image, question, and answer) in VQA. The proposed method has been evaluated on VQA datasets and yields better results than existing models when using ternary potentials.

Strengths:
1.  A general formula for attention for multimodal problems that is not specific to any particular task is useful because it can show if it applies to multiple tasks.
2.  The ablation study to show performance without ternary potentials is helpful in understanding how much ternary potentials help.
3.  The paper is clearly written.

Weaknesses:
1.  The method mentions focusing on three modalities – image, question, and answer. However, it is not clear what is meant by focusing on answers, as most answers are single words, and even if they are multi-word, they are considered single words. The paper does not present any visualizations for focusing on answers. Therefore, I would like the authors to clarify this.
2.  The results in Table 1 suggest that the main improvement of the proposed model comes from ternary potentials. Without ternary potentials, the proposed model does not outperform existing models (except for HieCoAtt) for a 2-modality setup. Therefore, I would like the authors to shed light on this.
3.  Since ternary potentials seem to be the main reason for the performance improvement of the proposed model, I would like the authors to compare the proposed model with existing models where answers are also used as input, such as Visual Question Answering baselines (Jabri et al., ECCV16).
4.  The paper does not discuss the failure cases of the proposed model. The reasons for the failures need to be investigated so that future research can be conducted accordingly.
5.  Other errors/mistakes:
    a. L38: mechanism -> mechanisms
    b. L237 mentions that the evaluation was done on the validation set. However, Table 1 provides the number of test-dev and test-STD sets?

Post-rebuttal comments:
Although the authors' response to the concern that "the proposed model does not outperform existing models for 2-modality" did not seem satisfactory to me due to the lack of quantitative evidence, I would still recommend accepting it, as the paper proposes a general attention framework for multiple modalities, and the quantitative results of 3-modality attention have exceeded the SOTA. The quantitative evaluation of the proposed model's attention map (reported in the rebuttal) also looks good with human attention maps, and it seems that the attention maps are more correlated with human maps than with existing models. However, we do not know what this correlation value is for SOTA models like MCB, but I think it is still significantly better than HieCoAtt.

I have a question regarding one of the authors' responses --
> Authors' response -- "MCB vs. MCT": MCT is a general extension of MCB for n-modality. Specifically for VQA, the 3-MCT setup yields 68.4% on test-dev, while the 2-layer MCB yields 69.4%. We tested other combinations of MCB for more than 2 modalities and found that they yield worse results.

Are the numbers here swapped? Shouldn't it be 69.4% for 3-MCT? Also, the overall performance of MCB in Table 1 is 68.6%. Therefore, I am not sure which number the authors are referring to when mentioning 68.4%.