This research paper primarily describes a new application of existing representations, feature sets, and methods, specifically in identifying mild cognitive impairment (MCI). The problem, dataset, and domain are described in detail. Although some information is lacking, the proposed solution and experiments seem reasonable. Overall, I found the research engaging and informative.

Among the shortcomings, the paper requires some editing to improve readability. Detailed information on some key concepts is missing. For example, the details of multi-view learning are not provided; the set of "linguistic features" needs to be clarified; the dataset used to create word embeddings is not entirely clear (perhaps the 3 datasets described in the paper are too small for that purpose...). Also, it is not clear why the disfluences (full stops, incorrect starts, repetitions, etc.) were removed from the dataset. One might argue that these are important features in the context of MCI. It is also unclear why the most popular tf-idf weighting scheme was not used for BoW classification. Furthermore, no significance tests were provided to prove the test results. Finally, the related work is described somewhat superficially. Detailed comments are given below:

Summary: The summary needs to be condensed. See detailed notes below.
Lines 22 and 23 need to be rewritten. "However, MCI disfluences grammatically incorrect statements that affect parsing results" → "that affect parsing results?"
Lines 24 and 25: Did you mean to imply the correct grammatical error manually in the transcript? It is unclear why this should be done, even though grammatical errors exist, doesn't MCI indicate that? ... What you meant will be clear after reading the introduction and related sections of the work. Perhaps include some examples of disfluences.
Lines 29 and 30 need to be rewritten: "Since this is a light and language-neutral presentation"
Lines 34-38 need to be rewritten: It is not immediately clear what exactly the 3 datasets are. Perhaps: "The other two: Cinderella and..."
Line 70: "15% per year" → "I'm not sure what exactly is meant by "every year"...
Line 73 needs to be rewritten.
Lines 115-117: The reason for the problem with BoW's disfluences is unclear, some explanations would be helpful.
Lines 147-149: What did you mean by "best-case scenario"?
Line 157: A link or reference to Dementia Bank would be helpful.
Line 162: A link or reference describing "Western Aphasia Battery's picnic picture" would be helpful.
Line 170: An explanation of what a WML subtest is would be helpful.
There is no reference on line 172.
Lines 166-182: This seems to be the main part of the related work and it is somewhat superficially described. For example, it would be helpful to know what methods were used to achieve these tasks and how they compare to this research.
Line 185: Please see the conference citation guidelines. I think they are something like this: "Aluisio et al. (2016) used..."
Line 188: The definition of "PLN" seems to be missing.
Lines 233-235 can be rewritten. Lemmatization is not the last step in text pre-processing and normalization, in fact, additional common normalization/pre-processing steps have also been omitted.
Lines 290-299: Did you create word embeddings using MCI datasets or external datasets?
Line 322: consisted of → consist of
Lines 232 and 332 need to be rewritten. ... "DementiaBank and Cinderella are manually segmented" → What does it mean to segment? Why were not all datasets automatically segmented?; "ABCD" is not defined; you have listed datasets in i) and ii), but later you mention 3 datasets, which is somewhat confusing. Perhaps someone could have clearly mentioned the names of the datasets, instead of mentioning "first", "second", "third".

Table 1 Caption: Demographic information is available, but there are no additional statistics for the described datasets.
Lines 375-388: It is unclear why full stops, incorrect starts, repetitions, etc. were removed. One might say that these are important features in the context of MCI...
Line 399: ...a multidisciplinary team with psychiatrists... → consisting of psychiatrists...
Lines 340-440: A link or reference describing the transcription rules would be helpful.

Section 4.2.1. It is unclear what datasets were used to create word embeddings.
Line 560: What is the shortest path defined in feature 6?
The section "4.2.2 Linguistic features" needs to be significantly expanded for clarity. Also, see the conference guidelines regarding additional pages ("supplementary material").
Line 620: "The word frequency in this work was..." → "In this work, the word frequency was..." Also, why not tf-idf, as it seems to be the most common weighting scheme?
The sentence on lines 641-645 needs to be rewritten.
Line 662: What do you mean by "threshold parameter"? Word embedding cosine distance threshold?
A period is missing on line 735.

Section 4.3 Classification Algorithm: The details of which scheme of multi-view learning was used have been completely omitted. Statistical significance of the difference in results has not been provided.