This paper deals with the cross-lingual direct transfer of NER models using a very new cross-lingual विकिफिकेशन ( विकिफिकेशन ) model. In general, the main idea is not very innovative and creative, as it does not really propose any new technology. The contribution is mostly incremental, and connects two research paths: (1) direct transfer for downstream NLP tasks (such as NER, parsing, or POS tagging), and (2) very recent developments in cross-lingual विकिफिकेशन technology. However, I quite liked this paper, as it builds on a coherent and clear story with sufficient experiments and empirical evidence to support its claims, and its results are also reliable. I still have several comments about the presentation of the work.

Related work: More detailed explanation is needed on how this paper is related to the work of Kazama and Torisawa (2007). It is also necessary to point out a clear difference with other related NER systems that were somehow dependent on encyclopedic Wikipedia knowledge. The differences are actually given in the text, but they need to be emphasized more for convenience in reading and placing the work in context.

Although the authors argue why they left out POS tags as features, it would be interesting to report experiments with POS tag features similar to those of Taxstrom et al.: the reader might get an overview supported by empirical evidence about the usefulness (or lack thereof) of such features for different languages (i.e., for languages for which at least universal POS is available).

Section 3.3 could contribute with a running example, as I am still not quite sure how the model edited by Tsai and Roth now works (i.e., the given description is not entirely clear).

Since the authors have mentioned several times that the approaches of Taxstrom et al. (2012) and Notthman et al. (2012) are orthogonal to their approach and can be combined with the approach they propose, it would be beneficial if they reported some preliminary results on the selection of languages using a combination of models. This would add more color to the discussion. Similarly, although I admit that this is also an orthogonal approach, why not compare the results with a stronger projection baseline to put them in context even more and to show the usefulness (or limitations) of विकिफिकेशन-based approaches.

Why is Dutch the best training language for Spanish, and why is Spanish the best language for Yoruba? Is this just a statistical coincidence, or is something more interesting happening? A paragraph or two discussing these results in more depth would be quite interesting.

Although the idea is correct, the results of Table 4 are not so convincing, with only minor improvements found (and not in all scenarios). A statistically significant significance test reported for the results of Table 4 could help support the claims.

Minor comments:
- Section 2.1: Projection can also be done through methods that do not require parallel data, which makes such models more broadly applicable (even for languages that do not have any parallel resources): for example, see the work of Pearsman and Pado (NAACL 2009) or Vulić and Moens (EMNLP 2013) who use bilingual semantic spaces instead of direct alignment links to transfer.
- Several typos were found in the text, so the paper should benefit significantly from more careful proofreading (for example, the first sentence of Section 3: "as a the base model"; this sentence is not 'parsable', page 3: "They avoid the traditional pipeline of NER then EL by...", "to disambiguate every n-grams" on page 8)