"Interactive Control of Diverse Complex Characters with Neural Networks" demonstrates how a small, rapid neural network can be used to represent a control policy for interactive character control in a physics simulator.

This approach utilizes trajectory optimization in the training phase to learn a neural network policy. Its contribution is to show that similar architectures operate in a range of more or less cyclic behaviors and body types.

General Comments ----------------
Upon reading this paper, I felt it was an application of deep learning to existing (though recent) techniques in computer graphics.

The ability of trajectory optimization to find realistic control signals has been established by previous work, some of which is mentioned here.

Previous work has also developed the use of neural networks to estimate the step-by-step actions required for a policy to find trajectories similar to those found by trajectory optimization (e.g., [9]).

Therefore, the authors of this paper should put in more effort to establish the work done in this paper relative to previously published approaches.

In my opinion, the closest work is the recent work done by Peter Abbel and Sergei Levin. How would the authors compare their approach here to that approach? Is it aimed at rapid learning? Is it aimed at supporting a wide variety of body shapes? Is it aimed at requiring fewer calculations at runtime? Is it more robust to some environmental changes?

Specific Comments -----------------
What does "we found that the resulting process can generate very large and poorly-positioned feedback gains" mean?

Consider discussing why LQG was not used until after presenting your strategy.

The notation around lines 226-240 is misleading. You present s(X) = \bar s, and then define a cost in terms of s(X) - \bar s. The bar and squiggles look similar.

What does "our approach generates soft feedback gains according to the parameter \lambda" mean? Soft from what? What does soft or not soft gain mean? Why is changing the initial state as part of your process a good thing? The work itself is good, but the contribution relative to other recent related works is not clear enough.