In this presentation, the authors propose an algorithm for real-time control of 3D models, where a neural network (NN) is used to generate animations after being trained offline to reproduce the output of contact-invariant optimization (CIO). Importantly, CIO and NN training are not independent: they are done in an alternative manner, with the output of one being used by the other in the optimization criterion. Another key element of the method is noise injection, which is done through data augmentation via additive noise in the hidden layers of the NN, along with small perturbations. Experiments show that such a network is capable of creating realistic and stable control policies on a series of very different character models.

This is a very interesting approach, considering that real-time control of arbitrary models is a challenging task. Although the proposed method may initially seem relatively straightforward ("learn an NN to predict the output of CIO"), additional steps (combined training and noise injection) are crucial new contributions to make it work, and experiments have shown that this helps achieve much better generalization.

However, the experimental results will be even stronger if the comparison is made with a larger dataset. Since the base training trajectories were generated with only "between 100 and 200 trials, each with 5 branched segments," it is not surprising that the "no noise" version overfitted. The "no combined" version may also benefit from more diverse training trajectories – even if it is less obvious.

Overall, the comparative evaluation is a weak point of the paper (as acknowledged in the introduction: "A systematic comparison of these more direct methods with current trajectory-optimization-based methods is still to be made"). The only comparison with a competing method is a quick one with the MPC at the end of the paper (and there is no reference to this method).

For the most part, the mathematics is clearly explained and motivated, although someone interested in replicating these results would certainly need to read the additional references, as some points are only superficially addressed (especially the CIO step – see equation 6 whose notation is not defined). Providing the code would certainly be greatly appreciated by the community. One part I was not able to understand properly: section 3.2 about generating optimal actions for noisy inputs. At this point the notation became really confusing for me, and it was not clear to me what was being done (especially the time index "t" was removed, but is it still implied for some quantities?).

It would also be useful to obtain some time measurements for the calculations during real-time control, as this can be a major bottleneck (and also to know how these calculations scale with the complexity of the 3D model). In an application like a video game, there is not much CPU available to animate the same character on the screen.

Additional minor comments: - "Two-legged position": speed? - "Our aim is to unite these disparate approaches": unified? integrated? - Am I right that the goal is only about the x,y,z coordinates, and the character has no obstacle when reaching the angle it is facing? If yes, would it be easy to add an additional target angle? (which seems important in practice) - I would not call "noise injection" the step where additional data is generated from noisy inputs, because the goal is recalculated to match the modified input. For me, it is just "data augmentation," and it has nothing to do with the idea behind denoiseing the autoencoder. - Are you really using the initial (random) network weights theta to calculate the X in algorithm 1 first? Or are you starting with the calculated X without the regularization term? - What is the justification for using the same hyperparameters eta in two steps of algorithm 1? - "It is non-trivial to adapt them to an asynchronous and stochastic setting that we have": "the" is missing? - A line before defining the concise LQG is used. - "While we can use linear quadratic Gaussian (LQG) passes": "a" is missing? - The star is misplaced in l. 231 argmin, and is \bar{s} missing in \tilde{C}? - "A minimum of a quadratic around the optimal trajectory": a word is missing? - "sX and aX are subsets of \phiX": why is this guaranteed? - "(4) a single pass on data to minimize the objective": this should be the objective from algorithm 1 because only theta has been optimized – the asynchronous combined optimization scheme described in section 6 is very different from the alternative scheme from algorithm 1. It would be at least meaningful to mention this first. - l. 315, should f, f^{des} be? - "In the current work, dynamics constraints are applied gradually and thus may include some fundamental forces in the simulation.": I did not understand this sentence – in experiments the "no noise" version can be divided between "no data augmentation" and "no hidden noise injection". - A question I would find interesting to investigate is whether alpha can be reduced to zero during optimization (only for CIO). In other words, is it mostly working because of the "learning the course" effect (easier tasks at the beginning), or is it always useful to keep the trajectories learned by CIO closer to what the network can learn? - The caption of table 1a says 4 layers but I believe it is 3. A great-looking application of neural networks for character control, whose practical benefits and applicability still need to be established.