This paper proposes combining trajectory optimization with policy learning to enable interactive control of complex characters. The main proposal is to learn trajectories and policy jointly, with the additional empirical insight that separating two optimization problems into alternative sub-problems enables i) the reuse of existing, well-documented methods and ii) sufficiently well-functioning in practice. While I can understand this paper well, I am not immersed enough in this domain to comment on the potential impact of this paper, which certainly seems like a technical skill on the surface, although it lacks any novel theoretical insights.

The authors combine an impressive level of technical sophistication at all levels – from concepts to their implementation – with equally impressive results. I found that the claims of using sensory noise during training and learning trajectories jointly with policy were clearly demonstrated.

I also found that the paper was clearly written, with what I think is an appropriate level of detail given the complexity of the problem and its implementation. Each section considers a different aspect of the problem and there are very useful cross-references between sections.

I think the motivations behind the additional optimization set given in Section 7 could have been better explained. At this stage, given what was announced in the previous sections, I was somehow expecting the policy to run without requiring any additional optimization.

Is it because there is always a residual trajectory cost (or policy regression error?) that feeding the action given by the policy into a physical simulator will accumulate errors? I would imagine that further development of the dynamics takes into account physical constraints so that there is no physical impossibility in any way, but am I missing something? However, I appreciate that by re-optimizing at each time-step you can use larger time-steps.

l153: Similar to recent approaches... could you perhaps provide one or two references? It doesn't seem intuitive to me that keeping updates to the parameter space small would generally be a sensible thing to do, although in the end I understood that it is useful in a scenario like yours where you are block-alternating between sub-problems.

Typo: l89: to integrate. The results of the paper seem quite impressive, and the proposed optimization scheme + implementation seems sensible to me. Although this research area is a bit off my radar so it is difficult for me to be convinced of novelty and importance.