This paper describes a method for selecting in-domain data for SMT with a convolutional neural network classifier, using a framework similar to Johnson and Zhang, 2015. This method performs approximately 0.5 BLEU points better than language model-based data selection, and unlike other methods, it is robust even when provided with very small in-domain data sets.

The paper claims an improvement of 3.1 BLEU points. However, the results show that this level of improvement is only achieved if the training set contains in-domain data – training only on in-domain data yields +2.8 BLEU. It might be interesting to compare this with another system that interpolates separate in- and out-domain models.

In my opinion, the second experiment yields more impressive results, proving that a CNN classifier is still effective even with very little in-domain data. However, the second experiment was only run on the zh2en task, which likely makes the selection easier, as the training set contains actual in-domain data. Will these results also apply to other tasks where there is no in-domain data in the training set? The results for the en2es and en2zh tasks already indicate this, as the development sets contain only a few hundred sentences. I think the claim would be better supported if the results were reported for all tasks, even if only 100 sentences were used for training.

When translating social media text, one often encounters very different problems from other domains, the most striking of which is the high OOV rate due to non-traditional spellings (at least for Latin scripts). The texts may also contain special character sequences such as usernames, hashtags, or emoticons. Was any special pre-processing or filtering step applied to the data?

Since data selection cannot solve the OOV problem, it would be interesting to learn more in detail about what kind of improvement is achieved through adaptation via data selection, possibly by providing examples.

The following comments are related to specific sections:
Section 3.2:
- It might be clearer how the different vectors (word embedding, segment vector, and one-hot vector) are combined in the model. A diagram of the architecture would be very helpful.
- What was the "defined loss function"?
Section 5.2:
For completeness, it might be worth mentioning how the system's weights were tuned.