The authors rapidly calculate the weight of attention in a neural Turing machine using nearest neighbor structures and the Argmax operation. They describe several experiments that show it does not reduce training performance and actually trains larger problems. The novelty of this work is slight; see section 3.3 of the Memory Networks paper: http://arxiv.org/pdf/1410.3916.pdf; currently, there are several Memory Networks papers that make lookup scalable using millions of items and hashing methods. On the other hand, I have not seen such tools used for writeable memory, and even if there is no conceptual leap in this paper, the practical aspects of making it work must be reported. Nevertheless, I would recommend accepting the paper, but would like to see some changes. 1: I think the results of this paper will be quite difficult to replicate from the paper's description. In particular, the description of the tasks is missing here; since the code for the tasks was not published in the original NTM paper and there is no "standard" version of the tasks, it is extremely important that the paper carefully describes the structure of the tasks. I would also request that the authors commit to publishing the code for their experiments. 2: Where will it fail? Does it always work? The authors often refer to their model as smooth, but remember that the Argmax (or k-argmax) operation is not smooth. With $K=1$, only in the reading setting, their models perform as well as MemNN-WSH at http://arxiv.org/pdf/1503.08895.pdf (although that model does not use hashing), and that model is known to perform less well than the fully smooth model. Is this due to $K=1$? Or the tasks? I think this paper would have been more valuable if some failure cases had been analyzed and some discussion had been done about what kind of tasks/setup allows their training to be effective: their model is creating an isolated action and training without considering it (as opposed to http://arxiv.org/abs/1511.07275). I think they are getting results this way, it is a good contribution, but it would be good to understand its limitations. Also, I would suggest that the authors remove section 3.6 and I would also suggest that the authors not call the Omni-Glott data "non-synthetic" or "real-world".