This paper revisits the esteemed problem of associative memory in neural networks from a new perspective, adding many new insights to an old problem. The authors note that much previous work in this area has ignored biological aspects such as Dale's law, used binary memory representations in rate-based models, and used non-sparse representations for memory. Although these problems have been addressed separately in other works, the authors have developed a technique that allows them to solve all of these problems. More specifically, they create a network using a recent control-theoretical approach based on spectral bounding techniques that addresses all these problems. In this approach, the authors propose a cost function that balances between three terms to achieve the desired goal through gradient descent. The first term of the cost contributes to the fixed-point nature of the desired memory, the second term contributes to the stability of the fixed points, and the third term encourages smaller weights that prevent saturation. By directly applying Dale's law to weight parameterization, the authors are able to solve all the shortcomings of previous work, resulting in a network where excitation and inhibition are naturally balanced. Interestingly, although they do not apply saturation to single-neuron firing, it naturally arises through the solution of the optimization problem. Importantly, the authors only use excitatory neurons for memory implementation (which is consistent with the fact that excitatory neurons typically send output to other regions), and view inhibitory neurons as variables to optimize. The authors validate their results through numerical simulations and demonstrate its noise robustness. In addition to demonstrating the good associative memory properties of the network, the authors are able to explain the experimental results that show that trial-to-trial variability decreases after the onset of stimulation (although this seems to be a common characteristic of associative memory with spontaneous baseline firing). This is explained by the convergence of the attracter closet to the initial state.

In summary, this is a clear and well-written paper. It tackles a classic problem of neural computation using new control-theoretical tools and demonstrates how a biologically plausible associative memory might work. They do not propose a biologically plausible learning process at the moment, but indicate some recent proposals that could create such a rule. I found the use of inhibitory neurons to be interesting and beneficial. Overall, the paper presents a clear, concise, and important contribution to neural computation.

A few minor problems:
The authors use \gamma=0.04 in equation (3). It would be good to discuss the sensitivity of the result to this choice (although I hope it will be small).
A log-normal distribution for memory states is proposed on line 115. Please explain this.
The cost function (4) may provide solutions that violate the exact fixed-point nature of memory. How serious is this violation? This should be determined and discussed quantitatively.
Lines 254-256: The statements here were not clear to me. Please clarify.
The authors do not mention capacity problems. It would be good to provide some statements, even preliminary ones, about this important computational aspect.
It would be good if the authors could discuss the computational advantages of Dale's law. Namely, can it be shown whether this formula can increase computational power under certain limitations? This is not necessarily true, and may be the result of evolutionary and/or biophysical limitations, but it would be good to relate it to this.

This is a clear and well-written paper that tackles a classic problem of neural computation using new control-theoretical tools and demonstrates how a biologically plausible associative memory might work.