I agree with reviewer number 2 regarding the interesting part of the article. The idea of removing or adding units is certainly an interesting aspect, as it allows a model to scale up or down according to the problem and data requirements without requiring prior knowledge of the user.

The authors have provided an interesting theoretical result that proves that the optimum of the error function under fan-out or fan-in regularization is achieved for a limited number of parameters – therefore, the net cannot grow indefinitely unless it completely overfits the data.

This reminds me of more traditional methods like Lasso or Elastic Net, where regularization creates sparse weights. It would be good if more insight had been given to this theorem. It's a nice result, somewhat predictable (finally intuitive to me), and I would have dedicated some space to such insights in the article. For example, less discussion of previous work (which is good, but not as important as discussing and studying the main result of the article) could create more space for solving theoretical results. Please see below for some suggestions (point 2).

I have some more comments:
1. An interesting experiment might be a model like yours, where nodes (neurons) are automatically added or removed, surpassing a net with the same number of nodes (after complete learning), where the size of each layer and the number of nodes remain fixed from the start. This would prove the functionality of the concept. This is where your method is interesting: do you save unnecessary nodes and replace them with necessary nodes? Do you optimize performance against memory?

I understand that some experiments are given in Figure 2, which have mixed results. The figure is not very clear, but it is possible to explain it if you look closely.

In some cases, non-parametric nets are doing better than parametric nets, and others are doing worse. Even in this case, I see the usefulness of the method because it helps discover the structure.

I don't quite understand why they can sometimes do better than the final net that can be trained from scratch: why is the non-parametric version better than the parametric version, when the final net is already known? Can you provide more insight?

2. Can you discuss the meaning and significance of Theorem 1 better? I think this theorem has been left there without proper discussion. What is the key insight of the theorem from the appendix, besides the proof? What does it say in simple terms? To me, the conclusion seems almost natural and clear. Is there any strong insight here?

As I mentioned before, I think this theoretical result deserves more space, even more experimentation should be done to support it. For example, given the data, can the controller parameter lambda be estimated – are there any features in the data that can help estimate the correct lambda? I think lambda is the main reason for determining the final net structure. Is this true?

How much does the structure of the final net depend on the starting point? If you start with different random weights, will you get different nets? How different are they?

What happens when fan-in and fan-out controllers are combined? Do you still have the same theoretical result?

I have some more questions:
1. Why are you saying that the value of the controller changes when zero units are added? For example, if you add a zero value, does the L2 value change?
2. Zero units are defined as the fan-in or fan-out weights of zero. I think what you meant to say is that both the fan-in and fan-out weights are zero, otherwise you cannot remove the unit and keep the same output f. I think this should be clarified better.

I have changed my rating to 7, hoping the authors will address my comments above.