This paper discusses the problem of allowing networks to change the number of units used during training. It is done in a simple but elegant and well-reasoned manner. During training, weighted units with zero input or output are added or removed, using a group sparsity norm to encourage the unit weights to converge towards zero. The main theoretical contribution is to show that with proper regularization, loss can be reduced by a network with a limited number of units. In practice, this result does not guarantee that the network will overfit or underfit the training data, but some initial tests suggest that it does not seem to.

A potential advantage of using the number of units in the network to learn is reducing the burden of hyperparameter tuning. One disadvantage of this method (and perhaps any such method) is that it does not actually solve this problem. The network still has several hyperparameters that indirectly control the number of units, including parameters that control how often new units are added and how quickly the weights can drop to zero. It is unclear whether these hyperparameters will be easier or harder to tune than standard methods. To be fair, the authors do not claim that they have made training easier, but it is disappointing that it does not seem to.

The authors emphasize that they are able to train the network using fewer units than a parameter-trained network to achieve comparable performance. This is potentially important, as smaller networks can reduce run-time, power consumption, and memory during testing, which is particularly important on mobile devices. However, the authors do not experimentally compare the method of reducing the size of the parameter-trained network with existing methods (e.g., pruning the trained network), so it is unclear whether this method is truly competitive with the current best method for reducing the size of the trained network.

Another potential disadvantage of the proposed method is that the same hyperparameter controls both the number of units displayed in the network and the training time. Therefore, training for this method may be much slower than the parametric method with fixed hyperparameters. In practice, many parametric methods require methods such as grid search to select hyperparameters, which can be very slow, but experiencing similar problems in many other cases may make hyperparameter selection relatively easier. This means that the cost of grid search is not always paid, but the authors' method's slow speed may be permanent. The authors do not discuss how this problem will increase with larger network training. It is a concern that this method may not be practical for large-scale networks, as training will be very slow.

In general, the experiments are helpful and encouraging, but not comprehensive or entirely reliable. I would like to see experiments on larger problems until I am convinced that this method can truly be practical or widely usable.

Overall, I found this to be an interesting and clearly written paper that highlights a potentially useful topic. The overall approach to creating networks capable of growing and adapting through lifelong learning is inspiring, and such work may be needed to implement such methods. However, the current results are still quite speculative.