Summary:

This paper proposes a new type of reduction from multi-class classification to binary classification, which is particularly useful when the number of classes is very large. They consider a hypothesis that maps (input, class) pairs into scores, and the underlying loss function calculates the fraction of incorrect classes that receive more scores than the correct ones. More specifically, they assume they have a feature transformation phi that maps (input, class) pairs into a p-dimensional feature space, and they learn a mapping from R^p to scores.

Their reduction builds on the work of Joshi et al. (2015), which creates K-1 transformed points for each data point (x, y) where each transformed point is intuitively compared to some incorrect label y'. Given that there are correlated training examples in the transformed dataset, many standard generalization limits cannot be applied. The first contribution of this paper is an improved generalization analysis on Joshi et al. (2015), which uses new limits on the fractionally irreducible complexity in this setting. The second main contribution is showing that it is possible to use sampling techniques during reduction to balance the class distribution and reduce the size of the training set. Specifically, they sample each class (with replacement) to ensure that each class is approximately equally represented in the transformed training data, and instead of including transformed points for all K-1 possible class comparisons, they only use a random sample of classes. They show that these two sampling processes do not greatly affect their generalization limits. Finally, they show that this new process performs very competitively against several strong baselines.

Notes:

This paper presents an interesting reduction from multi-class classification with multiple classes to binary classification and the corresponding generalization limits to deal with the fact that the reduced dataset contains correlated data. The main novelty of the reduction presented in the paper is the sampling technique to rebalance the class distribution and reduce the size of the transformed dataset, while the basic reduction was already shown in a previous paper by Joshi et al. The empirical comparison with existing algorithms is very strong.

One thing missing from the paper is a theoretical analysis of the effect of the prediction algorithm given in Section 2.3, where the comparison is only done for k classes whose centroids are closest to the given input point.

I would also appreciate some additional discussion of sampling complexity limits, possibly comparing them with the generalization limits obtained for non-transformed multi-class problems.