This paper presents a learning reduction for extreme classification, a multi-class classification where the output space spans up to 100k different classes.

Several approaches to extreme classification rely on estimating a tree structure between the output labels, such as in hierarchical softmax, so that only a logarithmic number of binary predictions are needed to estimate the output class, or a label embedding approach that can be efficiently learned through min-max or sampling. The authors noted problems with these approaches: the estimated hidden tree may not be optimal and can lead to cascading errors, and the label embedding approach can lead to prediction errors when the actual label matrix is not low-class.

An alternative approach is to reduce extreme classification to pairwise binary classification. The authors work in the second framework and present a scalable sampling-based method with theoretical guarantees about its stability, along with the original multi-class ERM formulation.

Experiments conducted on 5 text datasets comparing several competing approaches (including the standard one-vs-all classification when it is computationally feasible) show that the method is generally better in terms of accuracy and F1 once the number of classes exceeds 30k, and trains quickly using very little memory, although it is somewhat affected in terms of prediction speed.

The aggressive double sampling reduction is controlled by two parameters, one of which controls the frequency of samples for each class, which is proportional to the empirical class frequency in contrast to avoid completely missed classes in the long tail. The second parameter equally determines the number of adverse examples. This process is repeated to train the final dyadic classifier.

At prediction time, the estimate is complicated by the fact that generating pairwise features with all possible classes is laborious. A heuristic is used to identify candidate classes by creating input space centroid representations of each class as averages of vectors in the class, with prediction only made by a series of pairwise classifications with those candidates.

The theoretical analysis of the reduction is complicated by the fact that the reduction from multi-class to dyadic binary classification changes the sum of independent random variables into the sum of random variables with a particular dependency structure between dyadic examples. The second complexity is caused by oversampling of rare classes, which alters the empirical distribution. The proof involves dividing the sum of dependent examples by the sum of independent variables based on the graph structure induced by example construction and using concentration equality for partially dependent variables as introduced by Jensen. Although the finite-sample risk threshold is biased by the ratio between actual class probabilities and oversampled ones, these biases are linearly reduced with the size of the sample and the retraining set. The analysis seems solid, but I have not verified the proof in detail.

Overall, this paper presents a robust method for extreme classification, with small memory and computational requirements and better performance, especially on the largest datasets. The binary reduction algorithm seems theoretically solid, interesting, and useful for practitioners.