The goal of creating an appropriate multivariate distribution for the computational data is a significant one, and the authors have accurately identified the limitations of the current methods (a reservation on this point is mentioned below). The paper has several merits, both theoretically and conceptually. Starting with the evidence that previously proposed transforms do not create a valid model, the authors have proposed several alternatives. The TPGM transform, although obvious, is suitable due to its natural interpretation. QPGM and SPGM, although technically simple, are placed in the table as a way to correct the Poisson distribution for adequate statistical representation of new cause bases and indexical representation. Furthermore, the changes made are well-motivated and interesting. However, the underlying theory involved is almost directly followed from the work of Yang and others, so we are left with several potential model proposals, the merits of which need to be evaluated in practice.

In light of the above, the experimental evaluation is disappointing, especially since the declared goal of this paper is to fix the practical limitations of the Poisson graphical model. Although synthetic tests show some potential, the data leads to the proposed models. In real-world testing, the comparison with copula-based alternatives is clearly absent. Moreover, the reported results are only qualitatively relevant. Since all methods involve creating a joint distribution, more objective log-likelihood is required for data evaluation. More importantly, and indeed touches on the core issue of whether a new model is needed, is that copula competitors are used in an overly black-box manner. In particular, even when using only a Gaussian copula, it is more meaningful to use some intelligent boundary models than the models used in non-parametric (and which have no density!) models, which were originally used due to their asymptotic properties, not due to practical merit. The performance is essentially identical to that of the glass, and I strongly suspect that even simple Gaussian kernel density estimates will do much better. Similarly, if applied to real data, the (intelligent) choice of using R=11 can also be translated into a copula boundary choice. I do not expect deep investigation here, but some logical basis is needed.

Finally, the paper is generally well-written. Although I believe all the results are true, especially since the authors started with the shortcomings of another work, I recommend including all evidence in the supplementary materials. Also, I felt that the end of section 3.1 was overly detailed and did not contribute to the argument like the bound Gaussian.

On the other hand, I will take section 3.2 more slowly because it is the focus of the proposed method and will present it rather than moving the figure to the supplementary materials, and explain its underlying concept better. Based on a conditional indexical construction, the authors have presented an alternative to the Poisson graphical model, which aims to allow flexible joint modeling with a mixture of positive and negative dependencies. The good thing is that the proposed method is interesting and has some theoretical novelty. The bad thing is that the experimental evaluation is limited and somewhat biased, so the bottom line is that it is another multivariate Poisson-like model, the merits of which are unclear.