This paper provides a structure for a multivariate distribution on an infinite number of calculations that follows a Markov structure of an unDirected network.

Creating a multivariate distribution on an infinite number of calculations is generally a difficult problem, which has been extensively studied by Besag and others for the past 30 years (e.g., textbooks like Arnold et al.'s "Conditional Specification of Statistical Models," 1999, which extends some of the authors' observations to other distributions, such as the conditionally-specified exponential distribution).

Ultimately, the authors' proposed solution succeeds in some relevant ways. The advantages are structures that allow for finite calculations and relatively simple estimation algorithms. The disadvantages are that the finite tails of QPGM are slightly thin, and SPGM does not have a closed-form conditional distribution (which somehow defeats the main purpose of creating a conditionally-specified model). In fact, I don't even know how SPGM can be called a Poisson distribution (at least someone can claim for QPGM that "only" the base measure is changing). That's fine, but it made me wonder what the main purpose of modeling calculations is, since Poisson itself is not a good distribution for fitting empirical data (don't get me wrong, Poisson is very useful as a building block for many models - stochastic processes and elements of latent variable models, etc. - but can you plot your data for breast cancer and tell me what it looks like to be close to Poisson?). It is very useful to have a plot of the probability mass function of SPGM, which seems a bit complicated at first glance. I think you are considering R and R0 as constants (otherwise they would not be an exponential family). How are these chosen? What advice do you give to practitioners?

Needless to say: creating a multivariate distribution on calculations that follows the independence model of MRF is difficult. I really appreciate the effort given in this paper, and I think the results are of theoretical interest to NIPS. The only thing that misleads me is a somewhat overly-light praise of the literature. For example, it almost seems as if the authors really don't know what copula is. The authors did not understand [8] (or at least misrepresented it), for example, where the whole point is creating multivariate distributions for arbitrarily discrete data (calculation data, including), and for which a battery of MCMC and approximate estimation methods exists. This made me wonder whether the discussion in [11] really makes any sense, since the main purpose of that pioneering book is how to create discrete models with log-linear parameters that cannot grow exponentially with the number of variables (although fair enough that I don't have a copy of it and I no longer remember what it says about the Poisson distribution). But perhaps the worst omission is the complete neglect of the vast spatial statistics literature, where high-dimensional calculations data analysis has been done for a long time.

It needs to be said that some of these methods (such as [8]'s sparse precision Gaussian copula model) do not really model MRF-style independence constraints in an observable space. So as I said, the theoretical contribution of this paper is a valid contribution. But as a practitioner, I am still not sure why I have to pay the price of sticking to this model space instead of simply using the simple structured Gaussian random field + Poisson measure model, which has been the standard for a long time.

Final comment: I am not an expert in gene expression analysis, but I would be grateful to get a reference newer than [20] that claims that "the computation of sequencing reads ... is replacing microarrays".

A method for constructing multivariate distributions for calculations with Markov in the context of undirected graphs. Like any non-trivial multivariate construction, it has advantages and disadvantages. The literature review seems incomplete.