The authors investigate the human question that requires K-ary answers. They manually define a PCFG for the "warship" domain, where partially visible grids contain hidden colored shapes (i.e., some tiles appear or are empty as part of a specific color of the ship). The agent's task is to ask a question with a word answer that provides as much information as possible about the board's state. The PCFG served as a precursor to the questions, which were defined as statements in the lambda calculus. The goodness of a question was defined as a linear function of its informativeness (expected information gain), its complexity (in terms of its length or negative log probability that it is being generated with a uniform distribution over the rewriting rules by the PCFG), and the "answer type" (e.g., whether it provides a true/false or color as an answer). The human data came from a previously published paper and was hand-coded into their grammar. The authors compared fragmented versions of the model through leave-one-out cross-validation and found that all factors contributed a non-negligible amount (although complexity was clearly the most important). Finally, they presented a series of novel questions.

Question asking is an important domain within linguistics and hypothesis testing. The authors provide an innovative approach integrating modern linguistic and cognitive theory to investigate how people ask questions, with the potential to promote novel research in active learning literature with more sophisticated question-asking models. The paper is extremely clear and well-written. The model is properly evaluated from both quantitative and qualitative perspectives.

From the perspective of a computational cognitive scientist, this paper advances the field of self-directed learning. Previous work found that the informativeness of a question was a poor predictor of human question asking. This follow-up paper addresses some of the reasons why this is the case (it is secondary to complexity and may be partially due to the size of the potential questions available to the model). Thus, the paper contributes to the cognitive science literature, which may be sufficient to justify its publication in NIPS.

However, there are serious limitations in their approach, which seem to limit its interest to a more general NIPS audience. Although it may be possible to automate human question text into statements in some semantic logic, it is unclear how the approach can be extended or expanded to areas of interest to the broader community. The warship domain is small with only a few distinct features, and their method is already computationally strained. That being said, the ideas are quite interesting (active learning with more enriched questions) to be of interest, although it may be that the authors need to provide a clearer scenario of interest to the broader community where their technique is likely to be applied and provide novel insights.

Minor comments:
1) It may not be apparent, but I believe you can compare a nested model with the LLs of fragmented models and obtain tests of statistical significance.
2) Moving forward, there are other models within the linguistics literature of question asking in formal semantics and pragmatics for sequential question asking. Much of the work comes from the literature on the question under consideration. I have listed some references as indicators of this literature.
Ginsberg, J. (1995). Solving Questions, Part I. Linguistics and Philosophy, 18(5), 459-527.
Rojas-Esponda, T. (2013). Roadshow of Communication. Proceedings of Semial (Dialdam), 17, 131-139.