This paper presents a cognitive model aimed at predicting when certain questions are asked in certain contexts (belief states). Under this model, the unnormalized log probability of a question is defined as the weighted sum of informativeness (expected information gain), complexity (approximately the length of the question), answer type, and "relevance" (whether the question refers to a belief state or merely to world-independent logical facts). This model applies to the battleship domain, where the task is to determine where the number of ships (a set of grid elements) within a grid is located. The complete model, with all the features mentioned above, was better at predicting held-out human data (in terms of log-probability) than fragmented versions with fewer features. In terms of correlation with human judgments, the model that did not consider EIG performed as well as the complete model.

This paper generally seems technically sound.

I think it succeeds more as an AI project than a cognitive science project. The paper states that "we find that our model predicts what questions people will ask" and "from a CogSci perspective, our results show how people balance informativeness and complexity." However, I don't think we learn much about how people balance these factors. In the battleship domain, it seems that people are either slightly influenced by EIG (if we believe the log-probability results, which are 19% likely to be incorrect according to bootstrap estimates) or not at all (if we believe the correlation results, which are also quite noisy due to sparse human data). I don't think these results allow us to draw much conclusion about how people generally balance these factors.

This paper is well-written and clear. I might reproduce the results.

Some prior work is missing in this paper. One of the paper's clear innovations is "modeling questions as programs that, when executed on a hypothetical world state, output an answer." This is similar to the concept of "target" used in Hawkins 2015 ("Why Do You Ask? Good Questions Stimulate Informative Answers.") and the concept of Question-Under-Discussion (QUD) introduced by Roberts 1996 ("Information Structure in Discourse: Towards an Integrated Formal Theory of Pragmatics.") The Hawkins' questioner model also uses expected information gain and trades it with the complexity of the questions, but applied to a much simpler domain.

I think such a model (which has a compositional prior on the questions and chooses based on EIG and other factors) has great potential as a component for cognitive and AI models, and I hope it will be used more in the future. I see the main contribution of this paper as showing that you can actually generate interesting compositional questions for a non-trivial domain using this approach.