This paper proposes a new model selection criterion for binary latent feature models. It is similar to variational bias, but instead of creating a factorized posterior estimate on the latent variables and parameters, it approximately combines the parameters using BIC. They demonstrate improved hold-out probability scores compared to several existing IBP implementations.

The proposed method seems to be a reasonable task and is inspired by a potentially infinite argument. The main advantage of the IBP estimate over other methods is that it is compatible with an EM algorithm with some additional computational complexity penalty, which is better than more expensive sample or variational bias algorithms.

The technical contributions seem new but incremental: they are essentially an extension of the FAB work in [3] and [4].

Some parts of the explanation were confusing because the math seems unclear. In equation (3), the log sum of z values is infinite if all values are zero. Since there is a non-zero probability under any non-degenerate variational distribution q, why is the FIP score not always infinite?

Proof 2 states that the marginal probability can be "approximately estimated" as something, but what the infinite rule or estimate is is not stated. In particular, how is it estimated that K behaves when N is large? Since BIC is applied separately for each component, it seems that a specific finite K is required for the proof, so that the number of activations for each feature goes to infinity. Under the IBP model, the number of components is infinite, and as the amount of data increases, new components will continue to be observed, so estimating a finite K eliminates one purpose of using IBP.

A smaller problem: in section 2, pk (X | z{\cdot, k}) should include the data points assigned to the component k, not the entire dataset? In equation (4), there should be an expectation on the left.

In the quantitative results in Table 1, the proposed method achieves higher predictive probability scores in less time than alternative methods. Although FAB finishes faster in some cases, it is not clear how to interpret this result because the stopping criterion is not specified. In particular, when to stop the Gibbs sampler seems to be an arbitrary decision.

The improvements in predictive probability are significant, but where does the difference come from? The results would be more credible if there was evidence that the difference was due to the model selection criterion, because the algorithms do not get stuck in bad local optima, because the latter probably depends more on the details of the implementation (initialization techniques, etc.). (In some datasets, the Gibbs sampler learned too many components that created local optima problems, because theoretically it should have calculated exactly the probability that FAB is estimating.)

The proposed method seems meaningful, but somewhat incremental. Some parts of the math seem a bit unclear. Experimental results show improvements in predictive probability when running the method compared to the previous method, but as mentioned above, I don't think enough analysis has been done to be able to interpret these results.