"Interactive control of various complex characters through neural networks" demonstrates how a small, fast neural network can be used to present a control policy for interactive control of a character in a physics simulator.

This method uses trajectory optimization at a training stage to learn neural network policies. Its contribution is to show that the same architecture works more or less in circular behavior and various physical configurations.

General Comment ----------------
After reading this paper, I felt it was an application of in-depth learning in the existing (though recent) techniques of computer graphics.
The ability to find realistic control signals for trajectory optimization has been established by previous work, some of which is quoted here.
The use of neural networks to approximate the necessary step-by-step steps for a policy to identify trajectories similar to those obtained by trajectory optimization has also been developed in previous work (e.g. [9]).
Therefore, the authors of this paper need to work harder to better establish the work done in this paper compared to previously published methods.
I think the closest work is the recent work of Peter Abiele and Sergei Levin. How will the authors compare this method with that method? Is it meant to be learned quickly? Or is it to support various physical configurations? Or does it mean less computation is required at runtime? Or is it more robust for specific environmental variability?

Specific Comment -----------------
What does "we have seen that the resulting process can generate very large and weak response gains" mean?
Consider the discussion of why you did not use LQG before presenting your technique.
The notation around lines 226-240 is confusing. You introduce s(X) = \bar s and then define a cost in terms of s(X) - \bar s. The bars and curves look similar.
What does "our method generates soft response gains according to the \lambda parameter" mean? Soft compared to what? What does soft or not soft mean? Why is it better to change the initial state as part of your method? The work is good, but its contribution is not clear enough compared to other recent related work.