In this article, the authors propose an algorithm for real-time control of three-dimensional models, where animation is created using a neural network (NN) trained offline to reproduce the output of contact-invariant optimization (CIO). Importantly, CIO and NN training are not independent: they are done sequentially, with the output of one used as the criterion for optimizing the other. Another key element of the method is noise injection, which involves increasing the data through small perturbations and additive noise in the hidden layers of the NN. Experiments have shown that such a network is capable of creating realistic and stable control policies on various types of character models.

Real-time control of any model is a difficult task, so it is a very interesting approach. Although the proposed method may initially seem relatively simple ("learning an NN to predict the output of CIO"), additional steps (joint training and noise injection) to make it effective are a significant new contribution, and experiments have shown that it helps to obtain better generalizations.

However, those experimental results will be more robust if compared with a larger dataset. Since the base training trajectories were only made up of "100 to 200 trials, each with 5 segment divisions", it is not surprising that the "no noise" variant overfits. The "no joint" variant may benefit from more diverse training trajectories – even if it is less clear.

Overall, the comparative evaluation is a weak point of this article (acknowledged in the introduction: "A systematic comparison of these direct methods with current trajectory-optimization-based methods is yet to be made"). The only comparison with a competing method is a quick comparison with the MPC at the end of the article (and there is no reference to this method).

In most cases, the mathematics is clearly explained and motivated, although someone wishing to replicate these results must read the additional references, as some points are only addressed superficially (especially the CIO step – see Eq. 6 whose notation is not defined). Providing the code would certainly be greatly appreciated by the community. One part I did not quite understand: section 3.2 about creating optimal actions for noisy inputs. At this stage, the notations became really confusing for me, and it was not clear to me what was being done (especially the time indicator "t" was omitted, but it still meant something for some quantity?).

It would also have been useful to have some time measurements for the calculations during real-time control, as this could have been a major obstacle (and also knowing how to scale these calculations with the complexity of the 3D model). In an application like a video game, there is not much CPU available to animate a character on the screen.

Additional small comment: - "Biped location": locomotion? - "Our goal is to combine these different methods": combine? integrate? - Am I right that the goal is only about the x,y,z coordinates, and there is no restriction on the angle of the character's face when it reaches it? If yes, would it be easy to add an additional target angle? (which seems important in practice) - I would not call "noise injection" the step where additional data is generated from noisy inputs, because the target is recalculated to match the modified inputs. To me, it is simply "data augmentation", and it has nothing to do with the idea of denoise its audio encoders. - Are you really using the initial (random) network weights theta to calculate the first X in algorithm 1? Or are you starting with the calculated X without the regularization term? - What is the justification for using the same hyperparameters eta in two steps of algorithm 1? - "We have non-trivial" adapted to their asynchronous and stochastic settings: "the" missing? - Acronym LQG is used one line before it is defined. - "We can use linear quadratic Gaussian (LQG) passes": "a" missing? - l. 231 argmin has the star in the wrong place, and \tilde{C}- has \bar{s} missing? - "Minimizer of a quadratic around the optimal trajectory": one word missing? - "sX and aX are subsets of \phiX": why is this certain? - "(4)-a single pass on data to minimize the objective": it would rather be the objective from algorithm 1 since only theta is optimized – the asynchronous joint optimization scheme described in section 6 is very different from the alternative scheme from algorithm 1. It would have been worth mentioning earlier. - l. 315, f should be f^{des}? - "In the current work, dynamics constraints are loosely applied and therefore may include some route force in the simulation.": I did not understand this sentence – the "no noise" variant of the experiment can be divided into "no data augmentation" and "no hidden noise injection". - A question that I would be interested in investigating is whether the alpha can be completely reduced to zero during optimization (only for CIO). In other words, is it working mostly due to the "curriculum learning" effect (initially easy task), or is it always useful to keep the trajectories learned by CIO close to what the network can learn? - The caption of table 1a says 4 levels but I believe it is 3 levels. A great-looking application of neural networks for character control, whose practical benefits and applicability are yet to be established.