Here is the translation of the provided English text:

- Strengths:
The authors have presented a new version of the encoder-decoder neural MT. They used a method that starts and ends with letters, but works on the representation of morphemes and letters in between.
The authors have published both their code and the final model for fr-en, cs-en, and en-cs. This is helpful for verifying their work, as well as for others who want to replicate and expand this work.
The reported system seems capable of producing reasonable quality translation results even after the first training phase, and its progress will continue in future phases.
The system seems capable of learning reasonable morphological tokenization and is able to handle words that were not seen before by returning to the morphemes (even non-word morphemes).
- Weaknesses:
On paper, the authors did not explicitly state which WMT test and dev set their results were reported to. This can be problematic for those who want to compare the reported results with existing work (for example, the results of matrix.statmt.org). This reviewer only found it in the code supplement's README, where it was mentioned that the test set was newstest2015 and the dev test was newstest2013. This should have been clearly described on paper.
The instructions given in the software README are fine, but not very good. Clear examples of how to run each command could be given in the training and testing sections. The software should respond to a --help flag, which it currently does not.
The paper describes a 6-layer architecture, but the diagram in Figure 2 shows fewer than 6 layers. What is actually happening? The caption should be clearer, and if not all layers are shown in this figure, there should be an image somewhere (even in the appendix) that shows all the layers.
The results show comparisons with other character-based neural systems, but do not show state-of-the-art results for other types of MT systems. WMT (and matrix.statmt.org) have reported results for other systems in these datasets, and it seems that state-of-the-art results are much higher than any results reported in this paper. This should be acknowledged, and ideally discussed.
There are some minor English errors, spelling errors, and minor LaTeX issues, such as inverted quotation marks. These should be corrected.
- General Discussion:
The paper is a nice contribution to the existing literature on character-based neural MT.