This paper proposes a randomized parallel version of ADMM that can handle parallelization with multiple blocks. In each iteration, PADMM selects K number of random blocks, updates the block prime vectors, and then updates the dual vectors through a backward step. The authors highlight the importance of using the backward step, as it makes the dual update more conservative, enabling global convergence. The algorithm allows for the addition of a proximal term to the prime update, which makes it easier to solve a subset of optimization problems. The authors provide theoretical analysis of the algorithm, establishing its global convergence and iteration complexity. When there are a total of J blocks and the PADMM algorithm randomly selects K blocks at a time, the algorithm's convergence rate after T iterations of updates is O(J/(TK)).

The main advantage of the PADMM algorithm is (1) it allows for complete parallelization for the prime step, and (2) it allows for relatively large update steps compared to other methods. In particular, PADMM can be faster than SADMM because it allows for larger stepsizes. It is more flexible than PJADMM and more parallelizable than GSADMM. The authors have evaluated the algorithm on Robert Principals component analysis and overlapping group lasso. Experimental results are quite promising. The PADMM algorithm achieves the desired accuracy in a short computation time. Nevertheless, the authors have not reported on the performance of PADMM in parallel implementation. Compared to traditional ADMM, tuning the three parameters of PADMM is less convenient.

Overall, it is an interesting contribution to solving ADMM-type problems, where multiple constraints are provided. The algorithm has an ADMM-like convergence rate, but it allows for parallelization and demonstrates promising practical performance. Overall, it is an interesting contribution to solving ADMM-type problems. The paper is well-written. Both the theoretical and empirical parts are challenging.