Summary: This paper presents a model for embedding words, phrases, and concepts in a vector space. To do this, it uses an ontology of concepts, each of which is mapped to a phrase. These phrases are found in the corpus of text and are considered atomic symbols. Using this, the paper primarily trains embedding for words using the skip-gram method, which now includes atomic phrases and their associated concepts. The proposed work is evaluated using UMLS and Yago to determine the similarity and relationship of concepts, which serves as a background ontology.

Strengths:
The main question of this paper is that phrases that are not lexically identical can still be semantically close, and moreover, not all phrases are inherently compound. To this end, this paper proposes a potential model for phrase embedding training. Trained embeddings are shown to be competitive or better at identifying similarity between concepts.

The software published with this paper may be useful for biomedical NLP researchers.

Weaknesses:
The main weakness of this paper is that the model is not very new. It is essentially a slight modification of skip-gram.

Furthermore, the complete model presented in this paper does not seem to be the best in the results (in Table 4). In two Mayo datasets, the Choi baseline is quite good. A similar trend is seen in Table 6. In larger UMLS-R datasets, the proposed model is the best competitor to previous simpler models (Chiu).

General Discussion:
This paper states that it uses phrases known as distant supervision for embedding training. However, it is not clear what "supervision" actually means here. If I understand the paper correctly, then each occurrence of a phrase associated with a concept provides context for word embedding training. But this is not supervision in the traditional sense (such as identifying concepts in text or other predictive tasks). Therefore, the terminology is somewhat misleading.

The notation introduced in Section 3.2 (E_W, etc.) is not used in the rest of the paper.

The use of \beta to control the compoundness of phrases by word is quite surprising. Basically, it is equivalent to saying that there is a single global constant that determines how "compound" a phrase should be. The surprising thing here is that the actual values of \beta selected through cross-validation from Table 3 are odd. For PM+CL and WikiNYT, it is zero, which essentially argues against compoundness.

Some explanation of the experimental setup for Table 4 is needed. This paper states that the data determines the similarity/relationship between concepts (or entities). However, if the concept-phrase mapping is truly many-to-many, how are phrase/word vectors used to calculate similarity? It seems we can only use concept vectors.

In Table 5, the approximate phr method (which approximates concepts by the average of the phrases within them) performs the best. Therefore, it is not clear why we need a concept ontology. Instead, we could have simply started with a seed set of phrases to get the same results.