This paper presents a method for adapting a Krizewski CNN network, trained for classification (without bounding box annotations), to work on object detection, provided the number of classes with annotated bounding boxes is low. During training, the approach involves 1) training a CNN for classification on images of all classes, 2) training a CNN on image regions labeled with bounding boxes, while adding a negative background region class, and 3) adding the background class to the full CNN model while optimizing some CNN weights. During testing, the CNN is run on multiple image regions in a test image.

Quality: This is an interesting paper, and it is quite compelling that it achieves reasonable results. These results are largely based on the success of Krizewski et al.'s model, rather than being something fundamentally new; however, they will be valuable for researchers in computer vision and machine learning. The general approach is simple, but logical. The experiments are promising; however, it is missing comparisons to other baselines:
1) Use full images as positive examples, and images and regions of other classes as negative examples. Train and fine-tune all layers of the CNN.
2) Do the same as above, but use an MIL approach, where you select the highest-scoring positive region for each image from set A (instead of a full image).
3) Train and fine-tune the CNN for classification. During testing, run the classifier and predict a bounding box in the center of the image (for example, the mean bounding box for ImageNet).

I am not sure whether the proposed approach will outperform these baselines. It is not clear to me whether the proposed approach makes more sense than baseline 1, and I think it probably makes less sense than baseline 2. It would be important to point out to the reader that including a third baseline would be important for how easy/difficult the problem and dataset are.

Clarity: The paper is clear and well-written. The clarity of the experiment section could be improved, especially in terms of expanding the explanation of what each method refers to in Table 1 (does this mean applying equations 1 or 2 to a subset of CNN layers?).

Novelty: The paper is new enough to be accepted, although the original approach is simple and specific to certain types of CNN networks.

Significance: The problem and results are significant and valuable.

The paper addresses a relevant problem and the fact that decent detection results were achieved on large datasets without bounding box labels is compelling. Also, some clear baselines are missing in the paper, and it is very possible that the results are leveraging better CNN features rather than offering a better way to train object detectors from weak supervision.