This manuscript describes a new CMA-ES update scheme, the Cholesky-CMA-ES, which estimates the main covariance matrix adaptation (with complexity O(d^3)) using a new scheme. This scheme runs in O(μd^2), where d is the dimension of the optimization problem and μ is the number of samples per iteration (typically O(log(d)). The main idea of this update is to maintain and update a lower-triangular Cholesky matrix (and, accordingly, its square root) instead of a full covariance matrix. The difference between Cholesky and the original CMA-ES is the lack of estimating a (random) orthogonal matrix Et at each step. Under fairly limited assumptions (i.e., the assumption of convergence of an unknown target covariance matrix within a sequence of covariance matrices), the authors provide an infinite argument that the sequence of Et will converge to an identity matrix and thus the two schemes will become equivalent. The validity and general speed increase of the Cholesky-CMA-ES, using standard runtime and convergence plots in the selected objective functions and comparing with two state-of-the-art CMA-ES alternatives, are shown, which delays the full covariance matrix update in various ways. This paper makes a significant contribution to speeding up the widely acclaimed CMA-ES algorithm, which is probably the best algorithm for non-convex black-box optimization when very little is known about the topology of the objective function and first- or higher-order information access is difficult or unhelpful. The proposed method significantly speeds up the algorithm and shows no degradation in optimization performance in synthetic test cases. Although this is generally important, a weak point of any speed-enhancing proposal for CMA-ES is that, in practice, the overall optimization process is affected by the runtime of the black-box oracle (objective function) and is often negligible compared to the actual runtime of the CMA-ES. Furthermore, in general situations where CMA-ES is used, the dimension of the problems does not exceed a few dozen variables. Only in cases where a single function evaluation takes milliseconds or less and the dimension is higher, does the runtime of the CMA-ES play a significant role, and it is here that the target situation (which may be less realistic in practice) is relevant. Since it is notoriously difficult to obtain theoretical guarantees for an involved scheme like CMA-ES, I would like to propose a few more empirical tests and plots that could strengthen the presentation of the results. Firstly, it may be instructive to see the evolution of Et in the selected optimization trajectory, for example, in different norms. I imagine an experiment where a full CMA-ES is used and the estimated values are calculated and compared simultaneously. This will provide more empirical evidence of the actual fluctuations of Et over time. Secondly, it may be instructive to see the actual runtime and performance of the CMA-ES without the delay technique within this contribution of completeness. Thirdly, although the test functions used are standard within the evolutionary optimization community, I would prefer a simulation study in a quadratic function where the spectrum of quadratic forms is constantly changing (for example, see, Stitch and Muller, PPSGN 2012), and compare the quality and error of the solution of E_t depending on the spectral distribution. Fourthly, it would be instructive to see a real-world test with the current simulation results. For example, policy gradient may be a good choice in real-time robotics applications where speed is really important and the parameter space is not very large.