The goal of constructing suitable multivariate distributions for computational data is a significant one, and the authors correctly identify the limitations of current approaches (a reservation on this is provided below). The paper has several strengths on the theoretical and conceptual fronts. Starting with the evidence that the previously suggested truncation does not produce a valid model, the authors suggest several alternatives. The TPGM truncation, while obvious, is justified by its natural interpretation. QPGM and SPGM, although technically simple, are novel in that the Poisson distribution is modified by placing sufficient data on the basis measure and exponential representation as means in the table. Furthermore, the changes made are well-motivated and attractive. That being said, the underlying theory involved is almost directly derived from the work of Yang et al., so we are left with several potential model suggestions that need to be evaluated in practice. In light of the above, the experimental evaluation is disappointing, especially since the paper's stated goal is to fix the practical limitations of the Poisson graphical model. While synthetic experimentation shows some potential, the data is oriented towards suggested models. In real experiments, the comparison to copula-based alternatives is clearly missing. Moreover, the reported results are only qualitatively descriptive. Since all methods involve constructing combined distributions, a more objective log-probability of test data evaluation is required. Even more importantly, and indeed this touches on the core issue of whether a new model is needed, is the fact that copula competitors are used in an overly black-box manner. In particular, even when using only a Gaussian copula, it makes more sense to use some sensible boundary models instead of the model used in non-Gaussian (and which has no density!) than the one that was primarily chosen due to its asymptotic properties rather than its practical qualities. Similar mandatory performance to Glasso is dubious, and I strongly suspect that even simple Gaussian kernel density estimates will perform much better. Similarly, if applied to real data, the (sensible) alternative of using R=11 can also be translated into an alternative for the copula's boundary. I do not expect in-depth exploration here, but some reasonable baseline is needed. Finally, the paper is generally well-written. Although I believe that all the results are correct, especially since the authors start with an error in another work, I suggest including all the evidence in the supplementary material. Furthermore, I felt that the end of section 3.1 was overly detailed and the bound did not contribute to the Gaussian-esque argument. On the other hand, I will take 3.2 more slowly because it is the heart of the suggested method and does not postpone the figure in particular supplementary material, but rather presents it and explains its intuition better. Based on a conditional exponential construction, the authors present alternatives to the Poisson graphical model, aiming to allow flexible combined modeling with a mixture of positive and negative dependencies. The good thing is that the suggested approach is attractive and has some theoretical novelty. The bad thing is that the experimental evaluation is limited and somewhat biased, so the bottom line is another multivariate Poisson-like model whose merit is not clear.