This paper provides a construction of a multivariate distribution over unbounded counts that follows a Markov structure of an undirected network.

Constructing a multivariate distribution over unbounded counts is generally a difficult problem, as has been extensively studied by Besag and others over the past 30 years (including textbooks such as Arnold et al.'s "Conditional Specification of Statistical Models", 1999, which extend some of the authors' observations to other distributions such as conditional-specified exponential distributions). Ultimately, the authors' proposed approach succeeds in some relevant ways. The advantages are that the constructions allow for marginal distribution over counts and lead to relatively simple estimation algorithms. The disadvantages are that QPGM has marginally thin tails and SPGM does not have closed-form conditional distributions (which somehow defeats the point of creating a conditional-specified model). In fact, I don't even know how SPGM can be called a Poisson distribution (at least for QPGM, someone might claim that "only" the base measure is being changed). That's fine, but it made me wonder what the main motivation is for modeling counts, since Poisson itself is not a good distribution for fitting empirical data (don't get me wrong, Poisson is very useful as a building block for many models – components of stochastic processes and within latent variable models, etc. – but can you plot your data for breast cancer and tell me if it looks close to Poisson?). It would also be very useful to have a plot of the SPGM's probability mass function, which seems somewhat complex at first glance. I assume you are considering R and R0 to be constants (otherwise these would not be exponential families). How are they chosen? What advice do you give to a practitioner?

The claim: Constructing a multivariate distribution over counts that follows an independence model of MRF is difficult. I sincerely appreciate the effort made in this paper and I think the results are of theoretical interest to NIPS. The only thing that rubs me the wrong way is the somewhat overly light appreciation of the literature. For example, it seems that the authors do not really know what a copula is. The authors do not understand [8] (or at least it is certainly misrepresented), for example, where the whole point is to construct a multivariate distribution over arbitrary discrete data (count data, inclusive), and for which a battery of MCMC and approximate estimation methods exist. This made me wonder if [11]'s discussion actually makes any sense, since the whole point of that pioneering book is to show how to create discrete models with log-linear parameters, in such a way that it does not increase exponentially with the number of variables (although largely I don't have a copy of it right now and I don't remember what it says about the Poisson distribution now). But perhaps the worst omission is the complete neglect of the vast spatial statistics literature, where high-dimensional count data analysis has been done for a long time. It needs to be said that many of these approaches (including [8]'s sparse precision Gaussian copula model) do not actually model MRF-style independence constraints in an observable space. So as I said, the theoretical contribution of this paper is a valid contribution. But as a practitioner I am still not convinced why I should pay the price to stick to this model space, instead of simply using the simple structured Gaussian random field + Poisson measure model, which has been the standard for a long time.

Final note: I am not at all an expert in gene expression analysis, but I would be grateful for a reference from [20] that claims that "counting sequencing reads ... is changing the microarray". A method for constructing a multivariate distribution over counts that is Markov with respect to an undirected graph. Like any non-trivial multivariate construction, it has its own advantages and disadvantages. The literature review seems incomplete.