This paper proposes a supervised metric learning approach built upon the recent “word-movers distance” [19], a transport distance applied to word2vec word embeddings. The proposed approach is applicable to any transport distance based on squared Euclidean distances following linear projection. In addition to learning this linear projection to maximize performance, the method also learns a weighting for each word. This latter component, specific to document applications, involves re-weighting word frequencies by learned weights and subsequently re-normalizing them. The paper presents an efficient optimization method for learning the proposed parameterized metric. A thorough experimental evaluation demonstrates the effectiveness of the approach by comparing it to a substantial number of reasonable baselines on several document classification datasets, using a kNN classifier based on the learned metric. 

This work extends the recent word-movers distance, representing a technically interesting and useful extension – demonstrably effective on several kNN text classification tasks. However, the potential impact appears somewhat limited by the observation that earth-movers distance with metric learning initialized via a “word centroid distance” performs comparably to the full learning of the proposed distance, as highlighted by the last two rows of Table 3. In other words, the core technical contributions of this paper do not appear to offer a substantial improvement over this initialization method based on existing techniques. 

One aspect missing from Table 3 is an evaluation of the “word centroid embedding” (the weighted mean of word embeddings for a document) combined with all tested existing metric learning approaches (ITML, LMNN, NCA). Furthermore, the evaluation would benefit from an assessment of the relative importance of the word-specific weights and the projection matrix A. It would be informative to see performance results with each component activated in isolation.

The originality primarily resides in the optimization method (Lines 156–175); the idea of linear metric learning within the earth-movers distance is interesting but represents a limited contribution in itself. The paper is very well written and a pleasure to read. There are a few minor points that could be clarified:

*   Line 152: “The authors” – of which paper(s)? [1,7,8]?
*   Equation 11: Shouldn’t α and β be superscripted with stars?
*   It would be helpful to explicitly recall around line 170 that the scaling referred to is the Sinkhorn scaling mentioned in the introduction (Line 56).



