In this paper, a referential game is proposed between two agents. Both agents observe two images. The first agent, called the sender, receives a binary target variable and must send a symbol (message) to the second agent, called the receiver, such that the receiver can recover the target. The agents both receive a reward if the receiver correctly predicts the target. The paper proposes to parametrize the agents as neural networks – with pretrained representations of the images as feature vectors – and train them using REINFORCE. In this setting, it is shown that the agents converge to optimal policies and that their learned communications (e.g., the symbolic code transmitted from the sender to the receiver) exhibit meaningful concepts. In addition, the paper presents experiments on a variant of the game grounded on different image classes. In this setting, the agents appear to learn even more meaningful concepts. Finally, a multi-task setup is proposed, where the sender agent alternates between playing the game and performing a supervised learning task (classifying images). As expected, when anchored to the supervised learning task, the symbolic communications demonstrate even more meaningful concepts.

Learning shared representations for communication in a multi-agent setup is an interesting and challenging research direction, significantly more complex than standard supervised learning or single-agent reinforcement learning tasks. This justifies starting with a relatively simple task. To the best of my knowledge, the approach of first learning communication between two agents and then grounding this communication in human language is novel. As the authors remark, this may be an alternative paradigm to standard sequence-to-sequence models, which tend to focus on statistical properties of language rather than their functional aspects. I believe the contributions of the proposed task and framework, and the analysis and visualization of what the communicated tokens represent, are a useful stepping stone for future work. For this reason, I recommend that the paper be accepted.

Additional feedback:

*   How is the target variable incorporated into the sender networks? Please clarify this.
*   Table 1 and Table 2 use percentage (%) values inconsistently. In the first, percentages appear to be in the interval [0, 100], and in the second in the interval [0, 1]. Please correct this. Relatedly, the values in the "obs-chance purity" column of Table 1 seem unusually small; please verify these values.
*   “assest” should be “assess”.
*   “usufal” should be “usual”.
*   Consider briefly discussing the computational cost of training, particularly as vocabulary size increases.
*   The phrase “grounding the agents’ code into natural language” appears several times. While understandable, consider rephrasing to something like “grounding the agents’ communication in natural language” for greater clarity and consistency.
*   Could the authors elaborate on the choice of hyperparameters? Was any tuning performed, or were the stated values used throughout?



