This paper discusses kernel regression in a high-dimensional context. The paper begins with an "additive model," where regressors are considered in the following form:

f = sump fp(X_p)

That is, the correlation between different dimensions is ignored. Ignoring such a correlation is clearly problematic, so the authors consider a "group additive model" instead, where the different dimensions are grouped in such a way that the correlation between some dimensions can be modeled. The authors provide a formal discussion of this context and also offer some (somewhat) ad hoc algorithms for finding the best group. The results of small synthetic and real-world cases are presented.

To me, the main problem with this paper is that it is quite weak in describing the related work, making it difficult for me, as a non-expert, to determine the true novelty of the work. The task of finding the best group in the data is also considered in the context of "structured sparsity" and graphical model/Bayesian network learning. However, the authors do not mention any of these areas. Similarly, the problem can be seen as an example of "feature selection," but this is also not mentioned. In effect, the related work described in the paper is based on a single KDD-2015 paper [8], which is not sufficient for me to determine the true novelty of the paper.

However, the theoretical discussion seems new to me. The authors have defined a general complexity measure on a grouping (this measure supports many small groups). This arises as an upper bound on the covering number. This seems reasonable enough. The disadvantage is that this measure is not easily optimized, so the authors either propose a complete search (which scales poorly) or a greedy approach (similar to forward feature selection). Although I admit that discrete functions (such as one that describes the best grouping) are generally difficult to optimize, I am somewhat disappointed that the authors could not reach a measure that could be optimized more efficiently than using cross-validation. The authors mention that they are "investigating and comparing different measures" (line 174), but they do not provide any further insight, so it is difficult for me to determine the suitability of the chosen measure.

Experimentally, the authors provide a general synthetic validation of their framework with a common example on Boston Housing data. They do not provide a baseline and do not compare it to other methods. Again, it is difficult for me to determine whether the presented results are good, as I have nothing to compare it to.

== Post-Rebates ==

The authors have clarified some of my concerns in their rebates. I still think the experiments are weak, and the authors have done an unacceptably bad job of relating their work to the concept of machine learning. However, I admit that the paper has a valid contribution and it has improved my score somewhat. I strongly encourage the authors (at least) to improve the discussion of related work after the paper is published.