Please note: As this supplement appears to include the original article, I have only reviewed that, and all line numbers below correspond to the supplement.

Summary:

This study discusses a group-forming nonparametric regression model where, for a partition of predictor variables, the regression function is additive between groups of variables; this model interpolates entirely within the nonparametric model, which is difficult to fit, and the additive model, which is sometimes very restrictive. Specifically, this paper addresses the problem where the group formation is not known in advance and must be learned from the data. To do this, this paper proposes a new penalty function based on the number of coverage numbers of the RKHS force, which is then associated with the kernel ridge regression objective. This results in an objective that can be optimized between group formation (which determines a function space through the direct sum of the RKHS on each group of variables together with the kernel) and the regression estimate between each group. Two algorithms are presented to approximately solve this compound optimization problem, and then theoretical results are presented that show (a) the rate at which the empirical risk of the estimate approaches the true risk, and (b) the consistency of the group formation estimate, where it converges to a probability of 1 that matches the true group formation when n -> infinity. Finally, experimental results are presented on both synthetic and real data.

Key Comments:

The main innovation of this paper is that the complexity of a particular group formation can be measured in terms of the number of coverage numbers of the direct sum space. This paper is comprehensive, with a well-motivated and new approach and reasonably rigorous theoretical and empirical results. I am not very familiar with other methods of fitting models between additive and nonparametric models, however, assuming the discussion in lines 31-50 is roughly complete, this paper seems to be a potentially important advance. As mentioned in the discussion section, the main problem with the method is that it is difficult to solve the optimization problem on group formation when the number of variables is large. Except for a few typos, this paper is written quite clearly.

Minor Comments/Questions:

Just out of curiosity: Is there any simple property of the "interaction" between two variables that does not depend on writing the entire model in equation (1)?
Line 169: I am almost certainly not understanding the usage correctly here. Does this mean n -> infinity?
A summation (over i) is missing in equation (3).
Line 205: Perhaps the use of the term "convolutional kernel" is more common than "translation invariant kernel".
Typo:
Line 145: "on the RHS" should be "on the RHS".
Line 152: "not only can the bias of \hat f{\lambda,G} reduces" should be "not only can the bias of \hat f{\lambda,G} reduce".
Line 160: "G^ exists and unique" should be "G^ exists and is unique".
Line 247: "turning parameters" should be "tuning parameters".
Algorithm 2: Line 1: "State with" should be "start with".
Line 251: "by comparing" should be "by comparing".