This work provides a method for performing parallel batch Bayesian optimization by computing a Bayes-optimal batch of configurations to evaluate the next one. The proposed method measures the utility of evaluating a batch of configurations using the knowledge gradient (q-KG). To efficiently maximize the acquisition function, they present a method based on infinitesimal perturbation analysis to estimate the gradient of q-KG. In 3 experiments, they show that q-KG competes with existing parallel Bayesian optimization methods on problems without observation noise and performs better than these methods on problems with observation noise. I like the idea of performing parallel hyperparameter optimization to allow efficient use of multi-core environments, but some aspects remain unclear to me, and I am not convinced by the experimental results. Please see the response to each point above and some questions at the end: The technical quality of the proposed method uses a general artificial benchmark function in the paper to show its superiority. In addition to these cheap-to-evaluate problems, the paper also presents results optimizing CNN and logistic regression for Cifar10/MNIST. In the experiment section, I would like to see an experiment showing wall-clock time or an analysis of how much benefit one can gain by using this parallel method compared to simple random search or sequential optimization. Also, I don't see why q should be set to 4 for all experiments. The novelty/originality of the paper proposes using the knowledge gradient (generalizability of expected improvement) as the acquisition function and infinitesimal perturbation analysis (IPA) to maximize q-KG. Both methods are not new in themselves, and the paper mentions "Parallel Bayesian Global Optimization of Expensive Tasks," which already shows how to use IPA to select a batch of configurations using expected improvement. Impact/utility The parallel hyperparameter tuning method is highly relevant for (real-world) applications from many disciplines such as machine learning, computer vision, biology, and robotics. Clarity/presentation The technical details and background section are well-described, and the experiment section includes everything necessary to understand the comparisons performed. Questions from the authors: 1.) Since Wang et al. (2015) seems very relevant for this work and the code seems available online, have you compared it with this method? (or is it "Parallel EI in MOE," so you should call it q-EI to distinguish it from Spearmint's parallel method). It would be beneficial to clearly state the difference in the paper to avoid confusion. 2.) Nowadays, multi-core systems allow for more than 4 parallel runs. For example, "Scalable Bayesian Optimization Using Deep Neural Networks," ICML'15 used up to 800 parallel runs of DNGO "Parallel Algorithm Configuration," LION'12 used 25 SMAC runs in parallel "Practical Bayesian Optimization of Machine Learning Algorithms," NIPS'12 used up to 10 parallel runs of Spearmint. Do you have any information on how much your method scales and how much benefit one can gain from more parallel runs? 3.) Right now, your method is expected to run synchronously. Would it be possible to extend it to run asynchronously, as Spearmint does? 4.) Finally, wall-clock time matters. Have you evaluated how your method compares to random search or simple sequential Bayesian optimization with respect to wall-clock time? How large is the overhead to compute a new batch? 5.) What does "iterations" mean as an x-label in your plot? Is it the number of function evaluations or the number of batches? And does the x-axis include the initial design? If so, why don't all methods start with the same value? Minor comments: Is a z^(1:n) missing in equation (4.1)? "This architecture has been carefully tuned by a human expert, and a test error is obtained" -> obtained The parentheses are not context references, for example "[16] suggests parallelizing" should be "Snoek et al. [16] suggests parallelizing". * I don't think "Wang et al. (2015)" is the correct reference for IPA, because they do not introduce the method, but rather use and apply it.