This paper demonstrates that you can estimate the network properties of a large network by sequentially recording from sub-networks and then combining the resulting sub-models. Extended to process data, it can be applied to a large number of datasets where multiple channels are typically transmitted every day. I am not really familiar with any similar work (J.W. Pillow and P. Latham, "Neural Characterization in a Partially Observed Population of Spiking Neurons" is the closest), and it seems like a powerful idea.

In practice, it is unclear to what extent this method is limited to data that is close to linear-Gaussian, and I don't get a good understanding from the paper how the deviation from the fitting assumption can break down. In the extreme case, where a full model can be inferred from a subset (up to linear transformations of latent variables, as the authors state), it is unclear how much additional information is gained about the coupling matrix by adding another subset, rather than, for example, using more data from only one of the subsets.

Another issue that raises some questions is whether the model works on real data only when there is some overlap between the two populations? Obviously, it suggests that linear-Gaussian simulated data does not tell the whole story, but it would be good to have at least some intuition about what the overlap does to better limit the model.

In experiments on real data, where the linearity assumption probably breaks down, it should also be surprising that the explained noise correlations (which are well-fitted, the couplings themselves are not related to the real couplings in 3b) are due to general input and not due to direct, pair-wise couplings. I would assume that noise correlations with latent variables can be better modeled than couplings.

The authors devote a lot of space to introductions and discussion, but shed terrible light on the details of the assessment. The equation for the M stage is presented as a main contribution at the bottom of page 3, but is not really explained or derived. Perhaps this is a trivial result for LDS experts, but it will greatly diminish the novelty of the paper. I think the authors had a very good idea, but it should be better explained to properly convey the importance of the result.

A clean idea tested against real data, but some details are unclear.