Bayesian optimization has become very popular for machine learning tasks like hyperparameter optimization, but most existing methods are inherently sequential. This paper proposes a parallel Bayesian optimization algorithm that computes Bayes-optimal batches. The authors show that the proposed method performs better than existing Bayesian optimization methods. The paper is well-written and easy to follow. The use of BO's parallelization is an important aspect of practical hyperparameter optimization, and the proposed method is appealing and more elegant than most methods I know of. The determination of Bayes-optimal batches is very promising. The authors assume independent, normally distributed errors, which is common in most BO methods based on Gaussian processes. However, this assumption is problematic in hyperparameter optimization because measurement errors represent a difference between generalization performance and empirical estimates (e.g., through cross-validation). Structural bias is common in specific regions of the hyperparameter-space, especially for small sample sizes. I think it's worth mentioning that assuming independence is not always realistic. The theoretical aspect of the paper is strong, but the experiments are somewhat disappointing for three main reasons: 1. The use of test set errors as an optimization criterion is problematic, and it is well known that such score-functions are sub-optimal for hyperparameter tuning (e.g., [1]). Threshold-based metrics such as test set error models create several problems for model selection and hyperparameter optimization, so it would be better to use metrics such as ROC curves or fields under log loss. 2. The authors used the MNIST and CIFAR10 datasets as the basis for their experiments, which are actually commonly used in benchmarks. I would have preferred to see the benchmarks in HPOlib [2], which is a widely used library specifically designed for benchmarking hyperparameter optimization algorithms. 3. The amount of data sets used in Benchmark (2) is very small, and the entire benchmark is based on a single machine learning task (classification) with only two learning algorithms (Logistic Regression and CNN). I would have preferred to see more diversity in the benchmarks, since it is known that some optimizers perform well for some types of learning algorithms but poorly for others. Overall, I like the paper, and the theoretical contribution is certainly valuable. However, the current benchmark is too limited to be truly convincing. [1] Provost, Foster J., Tom Fawcett, and Ron Kohavi. "The Case Against Accuracy Estimation for Comparing Induction Algorithms." ICML. Vol. 98. 1998. [2] Eggensperger, Katharina, et al. "An empirical basis for evaluating the Bayesian optimization of hyperparameters." Bayesian Optimization in Theory and Practice: NIPS Workshop. 2013.