This work provides a method for performing parallel batch bias optimization. It calculates a biased-optimal batch of configurations for subsequent evaluation. The proposed method measures the utility of evaluating a batch of configurations using a knowledge gradient (q-KG). To efficiently maximize the acquisition function, they present a method based on infinite perturbation analysis to estimate the gradient of q-KG. In three experiments, they showed that q-KG works competitively with existing parallel bias optimization methods in problems without observation noise and gives better results than these methods in problems with observation noise. I liked the idea of performing parallel hyperparameter optimization to allow efficient use in a multi-core environment, but some aspects remain unclear to me, and I am not satisfied with the experimental results. Here are the responses to each point above and some questions below:

Technical Quality: The paper uses a simple artificial benchmark function to demonstrate the superiority of the proposed method. In addition to these low-cost-evaluation problems, the paper also presents results optimizing a CNN and logistic regression for Cifar10/MNIST. In the testing section, I would like to see an experiment to show how much advantage can be gained using this parallel method compared to a wall-clock time or a simple random search or sequential optimization. Also, I don't understand why the value of q should be set to 4 for all the tests.

Novelty/Originality: The paper proposes using a knowledge gradient (a generalization of expected improvement) as the acquisition function and infinite perturbation analysis (IPA) to maximize q-KG. Both methods are not new, and the paper mentions "parallel bias global optimization of expensive functions," which already shows how to use IPA to select a batch of configurations using expected improvement.

Impact/Utility: Parallel hyperparameter tuning methods are highly relevant for many (real-world) applications in fields such as machine learning, computer vision, biology, and robotics.

Clarity/Presentation: The technical details and background section are well-described, and the testing section contains everything necessary to understand the comparisons performed.

Questions to the Authors: 1) Since Wang et al. (2015) seems very relevant to this work and the code is available online, have you compared it with this method? (or should it be called q-EI to distinguish it from Spearman's parallel method, if it is "parallel EI in MOE")? It would be beneficial to clearly state the differences in the paper to avoid confusion. 2) Nowadays, multi-core systems allow for more than 4 parallel runs. For example, "Scalable Bayesian Optimization Using Deep Neural Networks" used more than 800 parallel runs of "Parallel Algorithm Configuration," LION'12 used 25 SMAC runs in "Practical Bayesian Optimization of Machine Learning Algorithms," and NIPS'12 used more than 10 parallel runs of Spearman's method. Do you have any idea how much your method scales and how much benefit can be gained from more parallel runs? 3) At the moment, your method is supposed to run synchronously. Is it possible to run it asynchronously like Spearman's method? 4) Finally, wall-clock time is important. Have you evaluated how your method compares with random search or simple sequential Bayesian optimization in terms of wall-clock time? How much overhead is there to calculate a new batch? 5) What does "repeat" mean as an x-label in your plot? Is it the number of function evaluations or the number of batches? And does the x-axis include the initial design? If so, why don't all methods start from the same value?

Minor Comments: Is there any z^(1:n) missing in eq (4.1)? "This architecture has been carefully tuned by a human expert and achieves an experimental error" -> achieves. The parenthetical references should not be nouns, such as "[16] recommends parallelization" "Snoek et al. [16] recommends parallelization". * I don't think "Wang et al. (2015)" is the correct reference for IPA, because they do not present the method, but use and apply it.