I agree with reviewer 2 on the interesting aspect of this paper. The idea of automatically removing or adding units is a promising direction, allowing a model to grow or shrink based on the problem and data, rather than user prior knowledge.

The authors present an interesting theoretical result proving that, under fan-in or fan-out regularization, the optimum of the error function is achieved with a finite number of parameters – meaning the network does not grow indefinitely and overfit the data. 

This reminds me of more traditional approaches such as Lasso or Elastic Net, where regularization produces sparse weights. I would have appreciated more intuition regarding this theorem. It is a nice result, and while somewhat intuitive (at least to me), I would have liked to see more discussion of it in the paper. For example, reducing the discussion of prior work (which is valuable, but less critical than discussing and studying the core result of the paper) could have created more space for addressing the theoretical findings. Please also see point 2 below for further suggestions.

I have a few other comments:

1.  An interesting experiment would be to demonstrate that a model such as yours, where nodes (neurons) are automatically added or removed, can outperform a network with the same number of nodes (at the end of learning), where the size and number of nodes per layer are fixed from the start. This would prove the efficiency of the idea. This is where your method is interesting: does it save nodes that are not needed and replace them with nodes that *are* needed? Does it optimize performance versus memory? 

I understand experiments along these lines are presented in Figure 2, with mixed results. The figure, I must say, is not very clear, but it is possible to interpret it with careful inspection. 

In some cases, the non-parametric nets perform better, while in others they perform worse than the parametric ones. Even in those cases, I see the usefulness of the method as it helps discover the network structure.

What I don’t fully understand is why they can sometimes outperform the end network trained from scratch: why is the non-parametric version of learning better than the parametric version when the final network is known *a priori*? Could you provide more insight?

2.  Could you better discuss the meaning and implications of Theorem 1? I feel the theorem is simply stated without proper discussion. Beyond the proofs in the Appendix, what is the key insight of the theorem? What does it *say*, in plain English? To me, the conclusion seems almost natural and obvious. Is there a powerful insight that is being overlooked? 

As I mentioned previously, I feel this theoretical result deserves more attention, with even more experiments to support it. For example, can the regularization parameter lambda be predicted given the data – is there a property of the data that can help estimate the correct lambda? My feeling is that lambda is a key factor in determining the final network structure. Is this true? 

How much does the final network structure depend on the initialization? Do you obtain different networks starting from different random weights? How different are they? 

What happens when fan-in and fan-out regularizers are combined? Do you still have the same theoretical result?

I have a few additional questions:

1.  Why do you say that adding zero units changes the regularizer value? For example, does the L2 norm change if you add zero-valued weights?
2.  Zero units are defined as having either the fan-in or the fan-out weights being zero. I believe you meant that *both* fan-in and fan-out weights are zero; otherwise, you cannot remove the unit and maintain the same output *f*. This should be clarified.

I have changed my rating to 7, while hoping the authors will address my comments.



