Review of "Low-Rank Matrix Reconstruction and Clustering"

This paper provides a new algorithm for low-rank matrix reconstruction based on a Bayesian model of the reconstruction problem, which is an application of belief propagation (BP) message-passing. The algorithm described in the "Supplementary" includes two simplifying assumptions, one regarding the large number of rows and columns in the input matrix, and the other regarding the large number of columns. The algorithm is evaluated in a novel way against the Lloyd's K-means algorithm, which is a comparison against the previous message-passing reconstruction algorithm.

Disadvantages

There are some arguments against accepting the paper. Since a new algorithm is being evaluated on a non-standard problem (clustering encoded as matrix factorization), it is not easy to interpolate the experimental results to predict how the algorithm will perform on more common matrix reconstruction problems. For example, two references seem to be cited for VMF, which is Lin and Teh (2007); and Raiko, Ilin, and Karhunen (2007). Both of these papers use the Netflix dataset to evaluate their algorithms against their predecessors. The present paper would have been ideal if it had used the same dataset. Although BP is generally more accurate than variational, the actual competitiveness of the current BP variant is questionable if it is evaluated using a new criterion. Even if Netflix or a similar dataset is not used, the authors should provide a clear explanation for this.

The algorithm itself seems to be a more or less simple application of BP that was previously solved with variational message passing. Although new, it is not exactly groundbreaking. The most interesting part to me is the assumptions introduced at the limit $N\to\infty$ and $m\to\infty$, where $m \times N$ is the dimension of the input matrix. However, the validity of these assumptions, which are only described in the Supplementary, is never directly tested, and I think they could be explained a little more clearly.

There are some serious problems related to the citation of previous work. When I first read the paper, I thought it was presenting an application of matrix factorization as a fundamental contribution to clustering. The abstract text and section 2.2 give this impression. I felt deceived when I learned from other reviewers that the connection was well-known. I see no good reason why the paper would not make this clear to the reader. If it is well-known to cite a particular reference, it should simply be stated that it is well-known. Otherwise, cite previous work.

Also, the EP should be cited, since it is usually given by people to apply BP to continuous classes, and the relationship with the EP should be explained with the paper's algorithm. Correspondingly, the main algorithm is most clearly understood as an application of belief propagation, but this fact is not mentioned until section 4.1. It should be mentioned in the abstract.

Advantages

The paper was interesting to read, and presents a new and potentially useful algorithm. The paper's mathematics was possible to follow, and although I did not create it myself, I understand that it would be possible to do so. Although I think it is reasonable to doubt the new evaluation criterion, the K-means problem may be general enough to give a fair comparison of algorithms, and certainly shows an advantage for the new algorithm for testing.

Clarity

I found the initial presentation quite easy to follow. The introduction was clear, as was the summary of previous work. The emergence of the algorithm is only shown in the Supplementary, which is an error. I wish that the emergence could have been outlined in the main paper. The test section was clear, and although some plots are poorly displayed in black and white, they were still readable.

I found it difficult to understand the description of the algorithm, and I could not test the correctness of the emergence. Mathematics was the weakest part of this presentation. Even at a very superficial level, it was difficult to parse. For example, I do not understand why the factors of 1 / m \tau_W appear before each term of equations 9A, 9B, 9D, and 9E. These can be factored, to make the expressions easier to read. Also, the last two terms of 9B and 9E can be combined respectively.

It seems there are too many hats, tildes, subscripts, and superscripts here. For example, there is a \tau_W but no \tau, why can't just \tau_W be replaced by \tau? Also, most importantly, there is no P, Q, or R in section 4, but only \tau_P, \tau_Q, \tau_R - why should readers be given a break and say at the beginning of the section "We will skip the hats here for brevity"? And the 'T' superscripts in the messages seem completely unnecessary. When there is "T + 1" on the left hand side, you only need to change "=" to "\gets", and then you can skip all the T's. I find it hard to imagine that the algorithm was originally derived by the authors using such complex notation. I would advise you to go back to the first superscript you used and see if it is more simple.

The explanation can be improved: why can't it be explained why equation 5 is not the negative logarithm of equation 2? Or why is equation 8 simply the power \beta of 2? The algorithm 2 seems to be row-column symmetric, why can't it be mentioned? And even make it half-long, say "then copy and paste these equations, change U and V"?

The meaning of the 10th function should be explained close to their definition. Saying "F\beta is the average of Q\beta" would be clearer than giving an equation; but if you decide to give an equation, why should it be explained? At the end of section 4.2, it says "G\beta(B, \lambda; P) is a scaled covariance matrix of Q\beta(U; B, \lambda, P)", but this was not clear at first, and was not even mentioned in the definition of G.

There is no \beta subscript in any message, although they depend on F and G, which have \beta subscripts. However, F and G do not directly depend on \beta, only on Q_\beta. So it is not clear why these subscripts are promoted only up to F and G and not any more. I would advise you to skip them completely, even from Q_\beta. The \beta parameter is simply a global variable, which is fine. Before (15) and (16), it would simply need to say something like "At the limit \beta \to \infty, F and G take the following form:".

Further down, there were other things about the algorithm that I would like to understand better. What is the significance of the M factor in additive noise variance? Does it play a role in the application of matrix factorization? Does it play a role in the approximation used to derive the algorithm? Is this the only thing that makes the algorithm fail to be row-column symmetric, is it true? I think the authors know the answers to these questions, but do not comment on them.

Other questions:

Is it standard to use a tilde to denote a column vector? I did not understand this at first.

Just curious - why is N large, but M small?

In section 5, I would like a citation after VMF-MA to point to the initial reference providing directions for the implementation of this competing algorithm. There are two citations for diverse matrix factorization that have been published before, and it is not clear which one is intended (or both).

In the Supplementary: For equation 5, I think it would be clearer to write a product of the exponents involved in two terms, so that it is clearer that a pdf. For section 2, I had problems with the steps from equation 14 to 15, about the big-O of the M terms. I am not sure that I only need to think more strictly, but this is where I got stuck.

Also in the Supplementary, it is said at the top of page 2 "... a technique used is to give an approximate representation of these messages in terms of a few real-valued parameters". If it is possible to create more figures, it will be added to the paper.

Mathematics seems interesting, and the algorithm should be published somewhere - as the first attempt to apply belief propagation in matrix factorization, it fulfills a certain important role. However, the paper needs more work before it can be accepted. The paper lacks enough clarity and scholarship that imposes an unacceptable burden on the readers, which will negatively reflect a conference that has taken it to its current state.