This paper presents a hybrid approach using crowdsourced labels and an increasingly (online) trained model to solve prediction problems; the main idea is to rely more on the crowd as the system rapidly grows, thereby learning from the labels obtained and using the crowd less as the model becomes more confident. This is done by creating a sophisticated framework for the problem as a stochastic game based on a CRF prediction model, where both the system and the crowd are players. The system can issue one or more queries q for a token x (with a true label y) that pulls a response r, where there is a utility U(q,r) for each result; thus, the system tries to choose the actions that will maximize the expected utility. Furthermore, the queries are not issued all at once, but at some point s (with a time t to respond); the utility is maximized with respect to a t_deadline, which must count one answer (thus determining how many queries are sent, at what rate, etc.).

To calculate this expected utility, it is necessary to use the simulation dynamics model P(y,r,t|x,q,s) to calculate the utilities (4). Given the utility values, the best action can be chosen; however, it is difficult to optimize due to continuous time induction, and therefore an approximate value based on Monte Carlo tree search and TD learning (algorithm 1) is used. Experiments were conducted on a simplified named entity recognition (NER) task, a sentiment recognition task, and a face recognition task using four methods: a majority vote of n judges (1,3,5), online learning (using true labels), a "threshold" baseline (the authors' model but without continuous time, where m queries are sent at each step until the uncertainty of the model prediction falls below a threshold), and finally the authors' complete model (LENSE). In terms of accuracy/recall/F1, the complete model performs better than all others except the 5-vote crowdsourced version, although the "threshold" baseline performs almost the same (and with lower latency for NER; see Table 2). The authors also show that if a sufficiently strong model is given to train, the model requires fewer and fewer crowdsourced labels over time (see Figure 3), and the accuracy is higher from the first example compared to online learning (Figure 4), because the system can use the crowd expert more when the model's uncertainty is still high.

This was indeed an interesting paper, and I hope it can generate much discussion and further work, as well as begin to be used in practice. There are various heuristic methods for learning from the crowd when training a system, but this is the first complete and principled proposal I have seen. The results are impressive, especially in contrast to the reasonable baseline. As a result, I believe the work is extremely original and significant, and I think it deserves to be included in the conference. However, it does not perform as well in terms of clarity, which unfortunately may diminish the potential impact of the paper. Many of these problems are correctable (even for camera-ready models) if the authors are willing to put in the time and effort and perhaps maintain some consistency with the "threshold" baseline versus the complete continuous time version.

The main problem with clarity begins in the middle of the third part due to the induction of continuous time. The reason for this is reasonable, i.e., each classification may require a time (as well as a cost) budget, but it seems to have very little benefit experimentally, where the cost is in the formulation and discussion (as well as the optimization methods) becoming too complex.

In fact, in Table 2, it is seen that the "threshold" baseline achieves significantly lower latency in the NER task, yet receives roughly equivalent performance (slightly worse); in the face recognition task, it actually performs even better (although still roughly equivalent). The authors argue (l. 314) that the baseline performs better in the second task because it is a single label prediction task and there is no significant interaction between the labels - however, the NER task, which has a lot of interaction, seems to benefit little from it.

For many practical tasks, the "threshold" baseline would be good enough, and it is already a significant advantage (in the case of a principled hybrid learning system that performs better than active and online learning).

If the authors had clarified this during development, i.e., the main method could have been fully developed (without time induction, and thus it would have been easier to understand and implement), and continuous time could have been shown as an extension, then perhaps the paper would have had more impact.

Similarly, when discussing the results, the authors could have clarified that the performance of the "threshold" method is quite strong, even in cases where there is a sequence dependency between tasks. This is a suggestion and not strictly necessary, as I think the paper is strong enough to be included, but I think it would improve the likelihood of the paper and the technique being widely understood and adopted.

There are several minor issues regarding the results and how they are reported. Firstly, the introduction states that the model "has lost human performance" - but this is not true for the 5-vote case for NER; surprisingly the 5-vote case for face recognition and sentiment tasks is absent in multiple tables and figures (Table 2, Table 3, and the right half of Figure 4) - this should really have been included. Similarly, in Table 2, the results of the 5-vote case should be bolded because they represent the best performance. The threshold latency value in NER should also be bolded for the same reason (and the LENSE value for face recognition). More importantly, the "threshold" baseline is absent for the sentiment test, and therefore it is not displayed in Table 3 or Figure 4 - this should also really have been included.

A few minor comments regarding the description of the methods:
 -l.183-187, although there is a discussion about t_deadline, it is not clear whether any t_deadline was used in the experiments and what criteria were used to determine when the answer was ready to be reported - was it an entropy threshold like the baseline or did it reach some t_deadline?
 -In equation (2), it seems that the distribution should also be given a s variable (i.e., p(y,r,t|x,q,s).
 -In equation 5, the use of q in F(q) is very confusing - I assumed it referred to a query q, but in fact it only represents a nominal distribution function - please choose any other character, as there are plenty of characters to choose from.
 -In the description of the threshold baseline (l.246-252), I assume that the expression (1 - ptheta(yi|x))*0.3^m <= (1-0.88) should be (note the right side) >= 0.88, because increasing m will reduce the uncertainty, not increase it.

This paper presents a hybrid approach using crowdsourced labels and an increasingly (online) trained model to solve prediction problems, which is nicely presented as a stochastic game that models many aspects of data, true labels, and crowdworker responses, including the time of sending queries and the received answers. A "threshold" baseline but reliance on continuous time using multiple human labelers, online learning with oracle labels, and the authors' model has been shown to produce impressive results, relative to a baseline that performs equivalently. The method is original, novel, and interesting, and therefore the paper should be accepted, but there are some problems with clarity, especially in the case of continuous time induction, which complicates the discussion and algorithmic mechanics but seems to provide a slight advantage in performance.