This paper presents an extension to the low-class spectrogram-multiplying model of sound decomposition, which generalizes latent factors to a set of arbitrary (potentially over-complete) bases, meaning that decomposition can be performed on "multiresoluble" (e.g., tonal + transient) bases. It is argued that this helps in source separation and noise reduction. It starts with Favot et al.'s Gaussian composite model, which models the variance of each cell of the spectrogram with a low-class matrix factorization, but then expands the implicit convolution with multiple Gabour impulse responses corresponding to each row of the spectrogram to give a purely time-domain expression for what is being inferred, which can later be modified to work for various sets of impulse responses, including non-orthogonals. An EM (local optimal) analysis process is presented.

Quality: I think this is an interesting insight, although I am still trying to understand its exact implications. It seems that, initially, it is just another way to understand Favot's GCM, but the ability to include over-complete dictionaries is good. On the other hand, it seems that this should cause some complications, and I didn't immediately understand why it didn't cause more trouble. I believe the estimation process is correct (and I am impressed by such analysis) although I could not understand it in detail.

Clarity: The work is well explained and motivated. However, the evaluation was very superficial - we were given a purely illustrative result and an SNR improvement measure: I hardly think we can draw any conclusions from an example. I was grateful for the sound examples included, but I was not that impressed. For one thing, the OMBSA enhanced example seems much longer (7 seconds c/w 2 seconds) than the new result, which makes me wonder if the comparison was done fairly. Secondly, although OMBSA includes more background noise (partly because it is longer), the speech sounds to me of very high quality. The noise of the music example comes at the expense of very important artifacts - I would expect traditional wavelet compression or Wiener filtering to give much more perceived quality in this case.

Originality: The work relies heavily on Favot et al.'s foundation, although the time-domain interpretation certainly made me think about it in a new way.

Importance: Apparently, the ability to apply matrix-multiplying techniques to over-complete bases can have a significant impact. However, the examples and evaluation presented in this work were indeed too thin and superficial to show any of these. Therefore, as it stands, it is merely an act of faith to give this work enough importance. The reconstruction of probabilistic matrix-multiplying sound analysis in terms of time-domain kernels allows an EM analysis for multiresoluble (over-complete) bases. However, the thin evaluation and important artifacts in the examples fail to demonstrate its importance in its current form.