Summary: The authors present a model of auto-associative memory in a rate-based neural network subject to a battery of biologically plausible constraints. Previous models of auto-associative memory have failed to incorporate several key features of real biological networks, namely adherence to Dale's Law – that neurons have a strictly excitatory or inhibitory effect on their projections – and the observation that networks can encode memories without relying on units that simply respond at their saturation rate or in a binary manner. Memories are encoded in the network via synaptic modifications based on a gradient descent procedure, constrained using a recently published method for ensuring the linearization of the dynamics around a dynamical system’s fixed point is stable. The authors illustrate the effectiveness of their training procedure with simulations, noting that the trained fixed points exhibit slow network dynamics (i.e., they are close to, but not exactly, fixed points) and are stable, as desired. They note two features of their trained network that align with experimentally observed features of cortical networks: a distribution of synaptic weights centered at zero with long tails, and the fact that an average network unit receives approximately equal excitatory and inhibitory synaptic input. The authors identify these features as key components to the network’s success in performing robust auto-associative memory when perturbed from a fixed point, even in the presence of stochastic input noise.

Review: This is a clearly written and novel submission that will be of great interest to the community. The authors nicely review the history of training neural networks to perform auto-associative tasks, highlighting the main contributions and shortcomings of previous work. The network architecture and training procedure are both presented in a clear way, and the figures are well-chosen to quickly illustrate the main results. The authors illustrate the network’s performance limitations when network noise is included, which highlights the robust solution found by the training procedure. 

One recommendation would be to clarify the rationale behind the chosen training procedure in relation to the stated objectives. While the authors note that other methods have been employed to enforce Dale’s Law or achieve graded network memories – with the latter condition often proving more difficult to enforce – the text doesn’t explain *why* this specific method was selected. The chosen training procedure achieves the desired goal of building an auto-associative network with non-saturating units, but it is not clear if this method was specifically chosen because it was believed to be particularly well-suited to this task. Could another network training procedure achieve the same result? Can anything be said about why this particular method achieves the goal so effectively?

Also, although likely beyond the scope of this paper, given the rich history of training networks to perform auto-associative tasks, a comparison of how the trained network performs against previous models in terms of network capacity (number of memories as a function of network units) would be of interest to the community. 

In summary, the authors introduce a new model of auto-associative memory that conforms to several constraints of real neural networks, most notably the condition that network units are capable of encoding memories without saturating or exhibiting binary responses. They achieve this by applying a recent method for ensuring stable fixed points in a dynamical system.