Summary: The authors present a model of auto-associative memory in a rate-based neural network subject to a battery of biologically plausible constraints. Previous models of auto-associative memory have failed to include several key features of real biological networks, namely an adherence to Dale's Law – that neurons have a strictly excitatory or inhibitory effect on their projections – and the observation that networks can encode memories without relying on units that simply respond at their saturation rate or respond in a binary manner. Memories are encoded in the network via synaptic modifications based on a gradient descent procedure, constrained using a recently published method for ensuring that the linearization of the dynamics around a dynamical system's fixed point is stable. The authors illustrate the effectiveness of their training procedure with simulations, noting that the trained fixed points exhibit slow network dynamics (i.e., they are close to being, but are not exactly, fixed points) and are stable, as desired. The authors note two features of their trained network that are in line with experimentally observed features of cortical networks: a distribution of synaptic weights centered at zero with long tails and that, on average, a network unit receives approximately equal excitatory and inhibitory synaptic input. The authors identify these features as key components to the network’s success in performing robust auto-associative memory when perturbed from a fixed point, even in the presence of stochastic input noise.

Review: This is a clearly-written and novel submission that will be of significant interest to the community. The authors provide a comprehensive review of the history of training neural networks to perform auto-associative tasks, effectively highlighting the main contributions and shortcomings of previous work. The network architecture and training procedure are both presented in a clear and accessible manner, and the figures are well-chosen to quickly illustrate the main results. The authors demonstrate the network’s performance limitations when network noise is included, which underscores the robustness of the solution found by the training procedure. 

One recommendation would be to further clarify the rationale behind the chosen training procedure in relation to the stated objectives. While the authors note that other methods have been employed in the past to enforce Dale’s Law or achieve graded network memories, the latter condition seeming particularly challenging to enforce, the text does not explicitly explain *why* this specific method was selected. The chosen training procedure successfully achieves the goal of building an auto-associative network with non-saturating units, but it remains unclear whether this method was specifically chosen because it was believed to be particularly well-suited to this task. Could alternative network training procedures achieve comparable results? What makes this approach uniquely effective?

Also, (although potentially beyond the scope of this paper) given the extensive history of training networks for auto-associative tasks, a comparison of the trained network’s performance against previous models in terms of network capacity – the number of memories as a function of network units – would be of considerable interest to the community. 

In summary, the authors introduce a new model of auto-associative memory that conforms to several constraints of real neural networks, most notably the condition that network units are capable of encoding memories without saturating or exhibiting binary responses, by applying a recent method for ensuring stable fixed points in a dynamical system.



