Constructing a suitable multivariate distribution for computational data is a significant goal, and the authors correctly recognize the limitations of current approaches (reservations on this are given below). The paper has several strengths on the theoretical and conceptual fronts. Starting with the evidence that the previously suggested truncation does not constitute a valid model, the authors suggest several alternatives. The TPGM truncation, while obvious, is justified by its natural interpretation. The QPGM and SPGM, although technically simple, are novel in that the Poisson distribution has been modified by placing sufficient data on the means and exponential representation as a basis in the table. Furthermore, the changes made are well-motivated and attractive. Having said that, the underlying principle involved is almost directly derived from the work of Yang et al., so we are left with several potential model suggestions that need to be evaluated in practice. In light of the above, experimental evaluation is disappointing, especially since the paper's stated goal is to fix the practical limitations of the Poisson graphical model. While synthetic experimentation shows some potential, the data is oriented towards the suggested model. In real experiments, the comparison of copula-based alternatives is clearly missing. Moreover, the reported results are only qualitatively descriptive. Since all methods involve the construction of a combined distribution, a more objective log-probability of test data evaluation is required. Even more importantly, and indeed it touches on the core issue of whether a new model is needed, is the fact that copula competitors are used in an overly black box manner. In particular, even when using only a Gaussian copula, it makes more sense to use a few sensible threshold models than the model used in the non-Gaussian (and without any density!) one, which was chosen mainly due to its asymptotic properties rather than its practical qualities. The mandatory performance similar to that of Glass is questionable, and I strongly suspect that even simple Gaussian kernel density estimates will perform much better. Similarly, if applied to real data, the (sensible) alternative of using R=11 can also be translated into an option for the copula threshold. I do not expect in-depth exploration here, but some reasonable baseline is needed. Finally, the paper is generally well-written. Although I believe that all the results are correct, especially since the authors start with an error in another work, I suggest including all the evidence in the supplementary material. Furthermore, I felt that the end of section 3.1 was overly detailed and the bound did not contribute to the Gaussian-esque argument. On the other hand, I will take 3.2 more slowly because it is the heart of the suggested method and does not postpone the figure in the special supplementary material, but rather presents it and explains its insights better. Based on a conditional exponential construction, the authors present an alternative to the Poisson graphical model, which aims to allow flexible combined modeling with a mixture of positive and negative dependencies. The good thing is that the suggested approach is attractive and has some theoretical novelty. The bad thing is that the experimental evaluation is limited and somewhat biased, so the bottom line is another multivariate Poisson-like model whose merit is not clear.