This paper provides a construction of a multivariable distribution on an unbounded count that follows a Markov structure of an indirect network.

Constructing a multivariable distribution on an unbounded count is generally a difficult problem, as extensively studied by Besag and others over the past 30 years (including textbooks such as Arnold et al.'s "Conditional Specification of Statistical Models," 1999, which extends the observations of some authors to other distributions such as conditionally-specified exponential distributions). Ultimately, the authors' proposed approach succeeds in some relevant ways. The advantages are that constructions allow for a marginal distribution on the count and lead to relatively simple estimation algorithms. The disadvantages are that QPGM has a marginally thin tail and SPGM does not have a closed-form conditional distribution (which somehow defeats the point of creating a conditionally-specified model). In fact, I don't even know how SPGM can be called a Poisson distribution (at least for QPGM, one can claim that "only" the base measure is changing). That's fine, but it surprised me what the main motivation is for modeling the count, because Poisson itself is not a good distribution for fitting empirical data (don't get me wrong, Poisson is very useful as a building block for many models – components of stochastic processes and latent variable models, etc. – but can you plot your data for breast cancer and tell me if it looks close to Poisson?). It would also be very useful to have a plot of the probability mass function of SPGM, which seems somewhat complex at first glance. I assume you consider R and R0 to be constants (otherwise these would not be exponential families). How are they chosen? What advice do you give to a practitioner?

Claim: Constructing a multivariable distribution on the count that follows MRF's independence model is difficult. I sincerely appreciate the effort made in this paper and I think the results are of theoretical interest to the NIPS. The only thing that rubs me the wrong way is the somewhat overly light appreciation of the literature. For example, it seems that the authors do not really know what a copula is. The authors do not understand [8] (or at least it is certainly misrepresented), for example, where the whole point is to construct a multivariable distribution on arbitrary discrete data (count data, inclusive), and for which a battery of MCMC and approximate estimation methods exist. This surprised me whether the discussion in [11] actually makes any sense, because the whole point of that pioneering book is to show how to build a discrete model with log-linear parameters, in such a way that it does not grow exponentially with the number of variables (although largely I do not have a copy of it right now and I do not remember what it says about the Poisson distribution). But perhaps the worst omission is the complete neglect of the vast spatial statistics literature, where high-dimensional count data analysis has been done for a long time. It should be said that many of these approaches (including [8]'s sparse precision Gaussian copula model) do not actually model MRF-style independence constraints in an observable space. So as I said, the theoretical contribution of this paper is a valid contribution. But as a practitioner I am still not sure why I should pay the price to stick to this model space, instead of simply using the simple structured Gaussian random field + Poisson measure model, which has been the standard for a long time.

Final note: I am not at all an expert in gene expression analysis, but I would be grateful for a reference from [20] that claims that "counting sequencing reads ... is changing the microarray". A method of constructing a multivariable distribution on the count that is Markov in relation to an indirect graph. Like any non-trivial multivariable construction, it has its own advantages and disadvantages. The literature review seems incomplete.