This research paper proposes a new approach for learning visual servoing based on Q-iteration. The main contributions of this paper are as follows:

1.  A bilinear dynamics model to estimate the next frame features (features) based on the action and current frame.
2.  The construction of a servoing with a Q-function that learns the weights for different feature channels.
3.  An excellent method for optimizing the Bellman error for learning the Q-function.

Pros:

*   This paper does a good job of exploring various ways to combine action (ut) and frame representation (yt) to estimate the next frame features (y_{t+1}). They argue in favor of a locally connected bilinear model that balances computation and expressive ability.
*   While Section 4 presents good arguments for various options, I prefer to see more experimental results comparing 3 approaches: fully connected, convolutional, and locally connected dynamics.
*   The idea of weighting different channels to capture the importance of objects in different channels seems more effective than considering errors equally in all channels. This is also experimentally valid, where unweighted performance consistently decreases.
*   Resolving the Bellman error in Q-learning approaches is a difficult problem. The current paper presents a solid optimization scheme based on the key observation that scaling the Q-function parameters does not affect the chosen best policy. This enables a more sophisticated FQI approach as opposed to specific optimization schemes that are (ct + \gamma minu Q_{t+1}) fixed.
*   However, I prefer to see the difference between FQI and similar iterative approaches that keep the second term in equation 5 fixed.

Experimental Results:

*   Overall, I find the experimental results unsatisfactory, given the small scale and toy simulations. However, the lack of benchmarks in this domain should be recognized.
*   Also, as mentioned in the pre-review section, the idea of modifying VGG needs to be experimentally validated. In its current form, it is unclear whether the modified VGG will perform better than the original version.

Overall, the paper's contribution is solid in terms of technical novelty and problem formulation. However, the paper could use the previously suggested robust experiments to strengthen its claims.