Please note: As this supplement appears to include the original article, I have only reviewed that and all line numbers below correspond to the supplement.

Summary:

This study discusses a group-forming nonparametric regression model where, for a partition of predictor variables, the regression function is additive between groups of variables; this model interpolates entirely within the nonparametric model, which is difficult to fit and additive models are sometimes very restrictive. In particular, this paper addresses the problem where group formation is not known in advance and must be learned from the data. To do this, this paper proposes a new penalty function based on the number of coverage numbers of the RKHS force, which is then associated with the kernel ridge regression objective. This results in an objective that can be optimized between group formation (which determines a function space through direct addition of the RKHS to each group of variables) and the regression estimate between each group. Two algorithms are presented to almost solve this composite optimization problem, and then theoretical results are presented that show (a) the rate at which the empirical risk of the estimate approaches the true risk, and (b) the consistency of the group formation estimate, where it converges to a probability of 1 that corresponds to true group formation when n -> infinity. Finally, experimental results are presented on both synthetic and real data.

Key Comments:

The main innovation of this paper is that the complexity of a specific group formation can be directly measured in terms of the number of coverage numbers of the space of addition. This paper is comprehensive, with a well-motivated and new approach, and reasonably rigorous theoretical and empirical results. I am not very familiar with other methods of fitting models between additive and nonparametric models, however, assuming the discussion in lines 31-50 is reasonably complete, this paper seems like a potentially important advance. As mentioned in the discussion section, the main problem with the method is that the optimization problem on group formation is difficult to solve when the number of variables is large. Except for a few typos, this paper is written quite clearly.

Minor Comments/Questions:

Just out of curiosity: Is there a common property of "interactivity" between two variables that does not depend on writing the complete model in equation (1)?
Line 169: I am almost certainly not understanding the usage correctly here. Does this mean n -> infinity?
A summation (over i) is missing in equation (3).
Line 205: The use of the term "convolutional kernel" is probably more common than "on the translation invariant kernel".
Typo:
Line 145: "on the RHS" should be "on the RHS".
Line 152: "not only can the bias of \hat f{\lambda,G} reduces" should be "not only can the bias of \hat f{\lambda,G} reduce".
Line 160: "G^ exists and unique" should be "G^ exists and is unique".
Line 247: "turning parameters" should be "tuning parameters".
Algorithm 2: Line 1: "State with" should be "start with".
Line 251: "by comparing" should be "by comparing".