This paper adds selective attention to a convolutional neural network and develops a method to train the gating parameters for attention to optimize the network's classification performance. It addresses a significant group of problems in computer vision – how to optimally reconfigure complex, intensive processing steps when resources are limited and various tasks need to be solved. The classification results are impressive, but it's all very much a black box – it suggests useful directions for further progress but doesn't explain why the method works. The analysis of image representation is not very informative, and it's unclear what the learned parameters (mean and variance of the theta distribution) are doing. Nevertheless, this work is a significant step forward from the current paradigm of large, feed-forward networks with fixed parameters after learning. The presentation is quite clear, although there are typos in some equations (or they need to be explained better).

Key Comments:

I would like the authors to take a serious look at the relationship with dynamic systems. This work seems closer to a recurrent network than reinforcement learning. The reward is seen immediately, and the policy is deterministic, so training involves a transition through the location of the recurrent "policy" parameter theta to maximize the objective function seen in training.

The analysis of the network processing the cat's image did not seem very helpful in understanding how the model's new features help in identification. Why did all layer 1 activations increase in the first iteration? Does this affect the objective function, or is the output unchangeable for global scaling? Perhaps focusing on a small area of the image and analyzing the evolution of the gating variable in that area could be instructive. Furthermore, it would be interesting to look at the difficult cases – those that were misclassified by the standard maxout network but correctly labeled by the proposed model, or to isolate the effect of the learned model parameters (mean and variance of theta) by narrowing it down further.

Minor Comments:

Algorithm 1 Description: Where is h_M defined? Is this the step of collecting comments? F[i] and \Theta[i] are inside the loop on images (j), are the image fitness values collected in an array or overwritten on each iteration?

Equation 11: What is the sum over? Is equation 8 for a single image, and should it be indexed by j?

Text after equation 11: What does 'x' and 'd' mean?

I am not clear why theta regularization is necessary, as theta is already sampled from the previous one and will anyway tend towards smaller values. In fact, the final stage of optimization (gradient updates on the parameters after sampling and evaluation of theta's fitness) is not well explained (how do you calculate the gradient) or theoretically justified (are you adjusting the hyper-parameters of the पश्च भाग on the policies).

Interesting approach to creating deep recurrent networks for identification. The suggestion of higher classification accuracy relative to standard methods suggests that recurrent computation helps extract or focus on more complex features of images, but the black box approach does not explain why it is effective.