Success of inference by Gibbs sampling in Markov Random Fields (here, specifically the Ising model) depends strongly on the mixing rate of the underlying Markov Chain Monte Carlo method. This paper suggests the following approach to inference: 1) Project the input model (which may not mix quickly) onto the set of models that do mix quickly. 2) Perform inference on the obtained, fast-mixing model. The space of fast-mixing models is defined by bounding the spectral norm of the matrix of absolute values of the Ising edge strengths. “Projection” is defined using divergences between Gibbs distributions, and is constrained to preserve the graph structure. Projection in Euclidean distance is obtained by dualizing the initial task and using LBFGS-B. For other divergences (KL, piecewise KL, and reversed KL divergences), a projected gradient algorithm is used. For the reversed KL divergence, Gibbs sampling (but on a fast-mixing model) is required to compute the projection.

Extensive experiments on small random models compare the approximated marginals with the true marginals. The methods tested include the proposed methods (with the aforementioned divergences) and loopy Belief Propagation (BP), Tree-reweighted Belief Propagation (TRW), mean field (MF), and Gibbs sampling on the original model. Both accuracy and runtime-versus-accuracy are evaluated. The experiments show that the proposed methods consistently outperform TRW, MF, and LBP in accuracy, and for a reasonable range of runtimes also outperform Gibbs sampling on the original model. Of the proposed methods, the one with the reversed KL divergence performs consistently best.

Comments:

The projected gradient algorithm from Section 5.1 in fact has two nested loops, the inner loop being LBFGS-B. Please provide details on when the inner iterations are stopped.

It is unclear what the horizontal axis in the plots in Figure 2 (and the supplement) represents. It is titled “number of samples,” but sampling is used only for the reversed KL divergence. I believe the horizontal axis should represent the runtime of the algorithm. Similarly, why not report the runtime of LBP, TRW, and MF? This would ensure a fair accuracy-runtime comparison of all tested algorithms. Please clarify this issue – without that clarification, it is hard to interpret the experiments. Please provide absolute running time in seconds.

Please consider an experimental comparison with larger models. An interesting option is to use models from the paper [Boris Flach: A class of random fields on complete graphs with tractable partition function, to appear in TPAMI, available online] which allow polynomial-time inference.

222: replace “onto the tree” with “onto graph T.”

226: Shouldn't we say “subgradient” rather than “derivative”?

Overall, this is an interesting paper with convincing empirical results. However, the practical utility may be limited by high runtime (this requires clarification in the rebuttal).



