This paper (as far as I know) proposes considering several sentence pair scoring tasks (such as answer set scoring, RTE, paraphrasing, etc.) as examples of a broader task of understanding semantic relationships between two sentences. Furthermore, they explore the possibility of learning generally applicable neural network models for these tasks. I believe this is an exciting proposal that deserves presentation and further discussion and exploration in CoNLL.

The main problem with this paper is that it seems incomplete. It should be accepted for publication with the condition that some updates will be made for the final version:

1 - The first list of results must be complete.
2 - Considering a large number of individual results, the written discussion of the results is very brief. Further explanation and discussion of the results are needed.
3 - The abstract promises to present a new, more challenging dataset that this paper fails to fulfill. This inconsistency needs to be addressed.
4 - The results of different tasks are quite different - some tasks may have some investigation into how and why the models fail, and others into how and why they succeed.

Even if no difficult answers are found, it would be interesting to hear the authors' position on whether it is a modeling problem or a difference in the tasks. Does grouping them as a unified entity really work?
5 - Include examples of the various datasets used, which will include both prototypical sentence pairs and pairs that create problems for classification.
6 - It is suggested to use the Ubu.RNN transfer learning model for new tasks, but is this due to the nature of the data (is it a more general task) or the size of the dataset? How can we determine the answer to that question?

However, despite the paper's roughness, it is an exciting approach that could lead to many interesting discussions, and I would be happy to see it published in a more refined form.

I acknowledge that this feedback may not be shared by other reviewers! Some minor points about the language:

* The words "weigh" and "weighed" are consistently used in contexts where the words "weight" and "weighted" are needed.
* The word "sentence" has several incorrect spellings (such as "sentene").
* What exactly is "interpunction"?
* An example of "world overlap" instead of "word overlap".