Proposes an agglomerative approach to scalably cluster networks into hierarchical communities. The prior over (possibly non-binary) trees, and the algorithm structure, are essentially unchanged from prior work on Bayesian rose trees [12]. The likelihood is modified in a straightforward way to handle networks, and further work allows sufficient statistics to be cached efficiently. The presentation is very clear, and experiments compare favorably to a baseline model with a flat community structure, but comparisons to other hierarchical network models are lacking.

SIGNIFICANCE & RELATED WORK:

The paper is generally well-written and appears technically sound. The presentation in Section 3 is particularly dense; I wonder if there might be a simpler way to notate and explain equation (9) and the derivations that follow. 

Since comparisons are limited to models that do not incorporate hierarchy in their latent structure, the experiments primarily demonstrate the benefits of modeling hierarchy for relational datasets, but not whether this approach outperforms other existing hierarchical methods. For example, at least two papers model underlying latent community structure hierarchically: “Multiscale Community Blockmodel for Network Exploration” (Ho et al., 2012) utilizes a nested Chinese Restaurant Process, and the “Mondrian Process” (Roy et al., 2009) defines a novel stochastic process that results in hierarchical structures over K-d trees as its prior. The paper fails to mention these two Bayesian nonparametric models, which are potentially capable of discovering a more refined latent structure.

ORIGINALITY & CLARITY:

The model appears to be a Bayesian rose tree with a standard stochastic block model likelihood. Therefore, the innovations lie in how this new likelihood affects the recursive updating of sufficient statistics during the greedy agglomerative clustering. The likelihood can be computed in O(Nodes + Edges) time, which is a notable feature. Unfortunately, the description of this process isn’t particularly clear—there’s a brief allusion to dynamic programming before equation (10), but the details are difficult to follow. Similarly, while equations are provided for recursively updating sufficient statistics, there’s limited explanation of *why* they are correct.

TERMINOLOGY:

The use of the term “nonparametric” is questionable. Blundell et al. [12] frame the rose tree approach in terms of model selection and contrast it with nonparametric methods in their discussion. I agree with their interpretation.

EXPERIMENTS:

The qualitative experiment on the Sampson network is fine, and the comparison to the IRM is useful in demonstrating the benefits of averaging over many hypotheses when making predictions. Again, the main limitation is the lack of comparison to other hierarchical network models. While there is some discussion of scalability, none of the tested networks are particularly large.

Overall, this work capably integrates prior work on Bayesian rose trees with stochastic block model likelihoods for networks, and generalizes efficient agglomerative clustering methods to this scenario. This allows for effective hierarchical community discovery in experiments, but comparisons to other hierarchical network models are lacking.



