Proposes an agglomerative approach to scalably clustering networks into hierarchical communities. The prior over (possibly non-binary) trees, and the algorithm structure, are essentially unchanged from prior work on Bayesian rose trees [12]. The likelihood is modified in a straightforward way to handle networks, and additional work allows sufficient statistics to still be cached efficiently. The presentation is very clear, and experiments compare favorably to a baseline model with a flat community structure, but comparisons to other hierarchical network models are lacking.

SIGNIFICANCE & RELATED WORK:
The paper is generally well written and appears technically sound. The presentation in Section 3 is particularly dense; I wonder if a simpler notation and explanation of equation (9) and the subsequent derivations would improve clarity. 

Since comparisons are limited to models that do not incorporate hierarchy in their latent structure, the experiments primarily demonstrate the benefits of modeling hierarchy for relational datasets, but not whether this approach outperforms existing hierarchical methods. For example, at least two papers model the underlying latent community structure in a hierarchical fashion: Ho et al. (2012) utilize a nested Chinese Restaurant Process, and Roy et al. (2009) define a novel stochastic process that results in hierarchical structures over K-d trees as its prior. The paper fails to mention these two Bayesian nonparametric models, which potentially are capable of discovering a more refined latent structure.

ORIGINALITY & CLARITY:
The model considered here appears to be a Bayesian rose tree with a standard stochastic block model likelihood. Therefore, the innovations lie in how the new likelihood changes the way sufficient statistics are recursively updated in the greedy agglomerative clustering. The likelihood can be computed in O(Nodes + Edges) time, which is a notable feature. Unfortunately, the description of this computation is not entirely clear – there’s an allusion to dynamic programming before equation (10), but the details are difficult to follow. Furthermore, regarding the recursive updating of sufficient statistics, while equations are provided, there is limited explanation of their correctness.

TERMINOLOGY:
The use of the term “nonparametric” is questionable. Blundell et al. [12] frame the rose tree approach in terms of model selection, and contrast it with nonparametric methods in their discussion, an interpretation with which I agree.

EXPERIMENTS:
The qualitative experiment on the Sampson network is fine, and the comparison to the IRM nicely illustrates the benefits of averaging over many hypotheses when making predictions. Again, the primary limitation is the lack of comparison to other hierarchical network models. There is some discussion of scalability, but none of the networks tested are particularly large.

Overall, this work capably integrates prior work on Bayesian rose trees with stochastic block model likelihoods for networks, and generalizes efficient agglomerative clustering methods to this scenario. This allows for effective hierarchical community discovery in experiments, but comparisons to other hierarchical network models are lacking.



