

The manuscript, entitled "Dynamic Mode Decomposition with Reproducing Kernels for Koopman Spectral Analysis," extends dynamical mode decomposition (DMD) to reproducing kernel Hilbert spaces (RKHS). The resulting algorithm (KDMD) is applied to synthetic examples, enabling the use of kernel-defined feature maps to link DMD more directly to specific features of interest, representing a significant generalization of standard DMD. My primary concern is that the paper suffers from excessive mathematical formalism for straightforward concepts, with some sections being unnecessarily verbose. This presentation style may hinder comprehension even for specialists, making the paper too cryptic for NeurIPS publication. I strongly recommend the authors rewrite the paper with a more pedagogical approach; the resulting work would likely be highly cited.

I. MAJOR REMARKS
1. The presentation could be greatly simplified. For example, the explanation "Conceptually, DMD can be considered as producing an approximation of the Koopman eigenfunctions using a set of linear monomials of observables as basis functions, which is analogous to a one-term Taylor expansion at each point" could be condensed to a single clear sentence.
2. Section 4 (Robustifying with POD Bases) appears redundant as it was partially covered in the introduction.
3. Section 5 (Related Works) should either be illustrated or summarized in the conclusion.
4. Section 6 (Empirical Example) should be developed with the same level of detail as Section 5.

II. MINOR REMARKS
1. There appears to be a typo in the description of the toy nonlinear example, which is actually linear.
2. The first two examples are polynomial in nature, where KDMD should excel when appropriate kernels are selected. The paper lacks sufficient details about kernel selection, which would be beneficial as discussed in Section 5.

REFERENCES
1. Brunton, S.L., et al. (2015). Koopman invariant subspaces and finite linear representations of nonlinear dynamical systems for control. arXiv:1510.03007v2.