This paper addresses the problem of retrieving natural sentences that describe a given sequence of images and form a sequence of sentences. This problem is certainly important in the research fields of computer vision and pattern recognition, but it is closely related to generating multiple sentences describing given video content (e.g., [Rohrabach+ 2014]). Single video content can be considered as a sequence of images, as video content can be separated into multiple video shots, and each shot can be well described by a frame. However, this paper does not mention any of these types of research.

This paper is well-written and easy to understand. The problem is well-stated and solved with a set of concrete techniques.

The proposed neural network model, called CRCN, captures the relationships between the sequence of natural sentences and the sequence of images. The architecture of the proposed model is technically sound and it also describes the discourse relations very well with the help of unit-based stability models.

The method of generating the sequence of natural sentences is reasonable but somewhat primitive: each natural sentence is directly associated with training images that are similar to the given image, and all sequences are added in the order of the corresponding images.

In Section 4.1, "We reuse the Disneyland blog data from the dataset of [11], and re-collect the NYC data using the same crawling method as [11]," the dataset is not disclosed and the corresponding research paper does not provide details on the way the dataset was crawled. This indicates that the authors of this paper are certainly similar to [11] and thus there is a deliberate lack of anonymity in this situation.

Equation (2) may be incorrect, as it implies that st can only be obtained from ot and thus the network is not fully connected. The proposed neural network model is technically sound and it also describes the discourse relations very well with the help of unit-based stability models. Meanwhile, the method of generating the sequence of sentences for the given image stream is somewhat ad hoc. I think this paper can be accepted as a poster paper.