This research paper presents a neural network-based framework for dialog state tracking.

The main contribution of this work lies in learning the representation of user statements, system outputs, and ontology entries based on pre-trained word vectors.

Specifically for the representation of statements, the authors compare two different neural network models: NBT-DNN and NBT-CNN.

The learned representations are combined with each other and used in the downstream network to make binary decisions for the slot value pairs given at the end.

The experiment shows that the proposed framework has achieved significant performance improvements compared to the baseline with a decontextualized approach.

This is generally a quality work with clear goals, reasonable ideas, and better results compared to previous studies.

However, the research paper itself does not seem very well-organized for effective elaboration, especially for readers who are not familiar with this field.

First of all, a more formal definition of DST needs to be given at the beginning of this paper.

This is not clear enough and may be more confusing after pairing with SLU.

I suggest providing a general architecture of the dialog system described in Section 1 instead of Section 2, followed by a problem definition of DST, which focuses on its relationships with other components, including ASR, SLU, and policy learning.

And it would also improve readability if all the notations used throughout the paper were defined in the previous section.

Some symbols (such as tq, ts, t_v) are used much earlier than their descriptions.

Below are other comments or questions:

- Would it be possible to have a separate SLU with this model? If not, the word 'combined' may be misleading, suggesting that this model is capable of handling both tasks.

- Could you please provide some figures on how many errors were corrected from the original DSTC2 dataset?

If it is not very large, the experiment may also include comparisons with other published works that include DSTC2 entries, which use the same dataset.

- What do you think about using RNNs or LSTMs to learn the sequential aspects of learning the representation of statements?

Given the recent successes of these recurrent networks in SLU problems, it may also be effective for DST.

- Some more details about the semantic dictionary used with the baseline would help indicate the cost of manually creating such resources.

- It would be great if you could provide some samples that were not correctly predicted by the baseline but were resolved with your proposed model.