Summary:

This paper proposes a new reduction from multi-class classification to binary classification, which is particularly suitable when the number of classes is very large. They consider an assumption that maps (input, class) pairs to scores and the underlying loss function calculates the fraction of incorrect classes that are scored higher than the original classes. More specifically, they assume that they have a feature transformation phi that maps (input, class) pairs to a p-dimensional feature space and they learn a mapping from R^p to scores.

Their reduction extends the work of Joshi et al. (2015) which creates K-1 transformed points for each data point (x,y) where each transformed point intuitively compares some incorrect label y' with the label y. Since the transformed dataset contains related training examples, many standard generalization bounds cannot be applied. The first contribution of this paper is an improved generalization analysis on Joshi et al. (2015) which uses new bounds on the fraction randomness complexity in this setting. The second major contribution is showing that it is possible to use sampling techniques when reducing the class distribution to balance and reduce the size of the training set. In particular, they sample each class (including replacement) so that each class is roughly equally represented in the transformed training data, and instead of including transformed points to compare all K-1 possible classes, they only use a random sample of classes. They show that these two sampling methods do not severely affect their generalization bound. Finally, they show that this new method works very competitively against several strong baselines.

Comments:

This paper presents an interesting reduction from multi-class classification to binary classification and also presents generalization bounds that arise from having related data in the reduced dataset. The main novelty of the reduction presented in the paper is the sampling technique to rebalance the class distribution and reduce the size of the transformed dataset, where the basic reduction has already been seen in a previous paper by Joshi et al. The empirical comparison with existing algorithms is very strong.

One thing missing from this paper is a theoretical analysis of the impact of the prediction algorithm given in section 2.3, where only k classes are compared whose centroids are closest to a given input point.

I would welcome some more discussion of the sampling complexity bounds, possibly in comparison with the generalization bounds obtained for non-transformed multi-class problems.