This paper presents a learning reduction for extreme classification, where the output space of a multiclass classification is expanded to cover a wide range of classes up to 100k.

Many extreme classification methods rely on estimating a tree structure among the output labels, such as in hierarchical softmax, which requires only logarithmic number of binary predictions to estimate the output class, or a label embedding method that can be efficiently learned through linear-squared or sampling. The authors point out the problems of these methods: the assumed latent tree may not be optimal and lead to cascading errors, and the label embedding method can lead to prediction errors when the actual label matrix is not low-rank.

An alternative method is to reduce extreme classification to pairwise binary classification. The authors work on the second framework and present a scalable sampling-based method that has theoretical guarantees of consistency with the core multiclass ERM formulation.

Experiments conducted on 5 text datasets compared several competing methods (including standard one-vs-all classification when it is computationally feasible), which show that the method is generally superior in terms of accuracy and F1 when the number of classes exceeds 30k, and it trains faster using much less memory, although it is somewhat worse in terms of prediction speed.

The aggressive double sampling reduction is controlled by two parameters, one of which controls the sampling frequency of each class, which is inversely proportional to the experienced class frequency to avoid missing classes entirely in the long run. The second parameter determines the number of examples to draw equally. This method is repeated to train the final diadic classifier.

When making predictions, the estimation becomes complex due to the difficulty of creating pairwise features with all possible classes. A heuristic is used to identify the candidate class by creating a centroid representation of each class's input space as the average of the class vectors, where predictions are made only through a series of pairwise classifications with those candidates.

The theoretical analysis of the reduction is complex, as the reduction from multiclass to diadic binary classification changes the sum of independent random variables into a sum of diadic examples with a specific dependency structure. Another complexity arises from oversampling of rare classes, which shifts the experienced distribution. The proof involves dividing the sum of dependent examples into a few sums of independent variables based on the graph structure induced by example construction and using density equality for partially dependent variables as introduced by Jensen. Although the bound on the finite-sample risk is affected by the ratio of the probability of the actual class to the probability of the oversampled class, these biases decrease linearly with the size of the sampled and resampled training set. The analysis seems correct, but I have not verified the proof in detail.

Overall, this paper presents a robust method for extreme classification, which has small memory and computational requirements and improved performance, especially on the largest datasets. The binary reduction algorithm seems theoretically sound, attractive, and useful for practitioners.