Summary: This paper considers generalized lasso with nonlinear measurements and Gaussian design. A commonly used approximation method treats nonlinear observations as noisy linear observations. Building on the work of Plan and Vershinin [17], the authors here extend the results of [17], and by going into asymptotic regime, they provide new precise explicit expressions for error estimation. The accuracy of their predictions is confirmed with several special cases (including lasso, group lasso, and atomic criteria). The application to the design of an optimal quantizer in the context of Q-बिट CS and its relationship with the Lloyd-Max quantizer is very practical.

Quality: This is a good work.
Clarity: The paper is written quite well, although the treatment is somewhat unbalanced. However, all the necessary details could not be included due to lack of space.
Originality: This paper is based on the work of Plan and Vershinin [17] and expands on several aspects that are new. For example, the explicit expressions for the performance estimation error are new.

Notes:
1) Page 4, line 193: The regular and penalized versions are equivalent with proper correspondence.
2) Caption of Figure 1: 'n=768' should be '$n$=768'.
3) Page 5, line 247: A typo on 'when ...'.
4) Page 5, line 294: What the authors call the proximal function is (very well) known in convex analysis as the मोरो envelope of the index \tau. The notation used there is strange because the prox is generally used for the proximal point/operator, but not for the मोरो envelope. I suggest changing it.
5) Page 5, Assumption 1: I think it would be instructive to give a more formal explanation of this assumption using the results of variance analysis.
6) The authors should avoid calling generalized lasso an algorithm in the text. It is certainly a (convex) program (or decoder to borrow the terminology widely used in CS), but not an algorithm.
7) Experiment: The authors show the results of applying generalized lasso to nonlinear measurements, and how the theorem predicts error estimation. This paper considers generalized lasso with nonlinear measurements and Gaussian design and proves that asymptotically, the performance of generalized lasso with such measurements is the same as if the measurements were linear and noisy (Gaussian). The authors provide new precise explicit expressions for error estimation, and confirm their findings with several special cases (including lasso, group lasso, and atomic criteria). The application to the design of an optimal quantizer in the context of Q-बिट CS and its relationship with the Lloyd-Max quantizer is very practical.