- Strengths:
This paper is well-written and easy to understand. The methods and results are interesting.
- Weaknesses:
The evaluation and resulting results can be problematic (see my comments below).
- General Discussion:
This paper proposes a system for end-to-end argumentation mining using neural networks. The authors model the problem using two approaches: (1) Sequence Labeling (2) Dependence Parsing. The paper also includes the results of experimenting with a multitask learning setting for the sequence labeling approach. The paper clearly explains the motivation behind the proposed model.
Existing methods are based on ILP, manual feature engineering, and manual design of ILP constraints. However, the proposed model avoids such manual effort. Furthermore, the model jointly learns subtasks in argumentation mining and therefore avoids the error back propagation problem in pipeline methods.
Except for a few missing details (mentioned below), the methods are clearly explained.
The experiments are sufficient, comparisons are done correctly, and the results are interesting. My main concern about this paper is the small size of the dataset and the large capacity of the (Bi)LSTM-based recurrent neural networks (BLC and BLCC) used. The dataset includes only about 320 essays for training and 80 essays for testing. However, the size of the development set is not mentioned in the paper (and also in the supplementary material). This is concerning because there are very few essays left for training, which is a significant problem. The total number of tags in the training data is probably only a few thousand. Compare this to standard sequence labeling tasks, where hundreds of thousands (sometimes millions) of tags are available. For this reason, I am not sure whether the model parameters are trained properly or not. The paper also does not analyze the overtraining problem. It would be interesting to look at the training and development "loss" values during training (after each parameter update or after each epoch). The authors have also provided some information that can be seen as evidence of overtraining: line 622 "Our interpretation is that the taggers are simple local models, and therefore they require less training data and are less prone to overtraining".
For the same reason, I am not sure whether the models are stable enough or not. The mean and standard deviation of several runs (different parameter initializations) need to be included. Statistical significance tests will also provide more information about the stability of the model and the reliability of the results.
Without these tests, it is difficult to say whether the better results are due to the superiority of the proposed method or due to chance.
I understand that the neural networks used to model the tasks use their regularization techniques. However, since the dataset size is very small, the authors need to pay more attention to regularization methods. Regularization is not mentioned at all in the paper, and only a brief mention of regularization in LSTM-ER is made in the supplementary material. This problem needs to be properly addressed in the paper.
Consider using Bayesian optimization methods instead of the current hyper-parameter optimization method (described in the supplementary material).
Also, move the information about pre-trained word embeddings and error analysis from the supplementary material to the paper. An additional page should be sufficient for this.
Please include some inter-annotator agreement scores. The paper describing the dataset contains some relevant information. This information will provide some information about the system's performance and the room available for improvement.
Please consider coloring Figure 1 with different colors to improve the quality for black and white print.
Edit:
Thank you for answering my questions. I have increased the recommendation score to 4. Please also include the F1-score range in your paper and also report the mean and variance of the different settings. I am still concerned about the stability of the model.
For example, the large variance of the Kiperwasser setting needs to be properly analyzed. Even the F1 change in the range [0.56, 0.61] is relatively large. Including these score ranges in your paper helps to replicate your work.