This paper [14] provides an online structured dictionary learning algorithm to identify neuroimaging data in individuals by extending an established framework with a Sobolev pair. This is done to encourage spatial proximity of dictionary atoms. The authors applied their method to experimental data, reported the effects of various tuning parameters, and compared performance with two alternative methods in this field.

Technical Quality: I would give it a rating of slightly less than 3 out of 3 if given the option. The model definition was clear. The algorithms followed an established framework [14] and seemed robust. However, it was somewhat weakened by the presentation; the paper did not clearly demonstrate the empirical benefits of introducing the Sobolev pair in the results section. In particular, Figure 2 does not clarify how the SSMF method is better than the two alternatives. How smooth was the spatial boundary? Were there any areas known to be connected only by SSMF? etc. The results obtained by SSMF, while saying "more structured," the authors could have clearly described some fair criteria of neuroscience literature and provide a quantitative measure of improvement according to this criterion.

Added after protest: The results given in the protest are very informative. I have changed my rating on technical quality from 2 to 3. I hope the authors will include these new results in their revision and, additionally, demonstrate that the dictionary atoms learned by SSMF are more structured (with quantitative measures) and more meaningful (in light of neuroscience literature).

Novelty/Originality: This paper has a significant original contribution, which is an extension of [14] that applies the Sobolev pair to encourage spatially structured dictionary atoms.

Potential Impact or Utility: Dictionary learning is a useful method for interpreting neuroimaging data in a large number of subjects, and the introduction of the Sobolev pair or similar spatial pairs could theoretically improve the results. This paper provides an efficient online algorithm to do so and could add a good tool to the toolbox of the neuroscience/medical imaging community. The authors may also explore other applications of this method, such as image segmentation and spatial sensing.

Presentation: The general organization of the paper is fine. However, the paper did not seem like a well-edited manuscript; there were misleading details and typos that made it difficult to understand the content. The misleading parts are listed below. Some of them seem to be accessible typos, but some may require more detailed explanation. --In the matrix decomposition equation between lines 67 and 68, should the transpose symbol on the group of $ V^ j$ (j = 1,..., r) be on each individual $ V^ j$? --Line 73, the reference to the HCP dataset was missing. --Line 83 "Graph-Net may impose a penalty..." --Line 146: The bold sentence is probably a comment by a co-author that was not corrected. --The last line of the equation (6) and the equation (8) $ V^ j +At[j,j]^{-1}(VAt^j -Bt^j)$ versus $At[j,j] V^ j -(VAt^j - Bt^ j)$ did not agree with the notation. Also, in the last line of the equation (6), I assume $ V$ refers to the dictionary in the last iteration, (i.e., the variable $ v$ is not for the optimization of the jth column). --Line 157, "a single, a single" --Line 169, "How we conducted an extensive study" --In paragraph 3.3, near paragraph 147, just below algorithm 2, if the authors had clearly given the mathematical/algorithmical solution to equation (6), even in the appendix. --Figure 2, the results of different methods are presented in different horizontal and sagittal slices, which made it difficult to directly compare the results. Based on the figure, I did not follow the description given in line 222 where it is claimed that the results of the SSMF model are more "structured". --Figure 3, it was not clear what was predicted. Was it regressing brain data on behavioral metrics, if so, was it based on $ U_i$? The legends were not explained in the main text or in the caption of the figure. The figure did not show the PCA baseline mentioned in the caption. I did not follow the description in lines 222-227, where it is claimed that R^ 2 is greater than 0.1 (which curves will I see?).