This work proposes training RL agents to perform auxiliary tasks, assuming that doing so will help the model learn robust features.

They propose two pseudo-control tasks: controlling changes in pixel intensity and controlling the activation of hidden features. They also propose a supervised regression task: predicting the immediate reward after a sequence of events. The latter is learned offline through a diagonal sampling of an experience replay buffer to balance the reward-seeing/not-seeing chance to 1/2.

Such agents perform quite well on discrete-action-continuous-space RL tasks, reaching baseline performance in 10x fewer iterations.

This task is in contrast to traditional "passive" unsupervised or model-based learning. Instead of forcing the model to learn a potentially useless representation of the input, or possibly impossible (due to partial observability), the task-modeling objective is to learn to control the local and internal features of the environment, which complements learning optimal control policy.

This approach is new to me and proposes a very interesting alternative to unsupervised learning that leverages the "possibility" of an agent's control over the environment.

The proposed tasks are explained at a fairly high level, which is convenient for understanding intuition, but I think some lower-level details might be useful. For example, L_PC should be explicitly mentioned before reaching the appendix. Otherwise, it is clear and easily understandable for readers familiar with deep RL.

The methodology is good; on the one hand, the distribution of the best hyperparameters may vary for A3C and UNREAL, but measuring the top-3 ensures that, assuming that the best hyperparameters for both A3C and UNREAL are within the discovered interval, the best hyperparameters are found per-method.

I think a weakness of the paper (or rather, considering the number of things that could fit into one paper, the significantly necessary future work) is that there is very little experimental analysis of the effect of auxiliary tasks, beyond their (very strong) impact on performance. Similarly, pixel/feature control has the greatest impact; in the maze, only A3C+PC beats anything (except UNREAL), I think it would be appropriate to pay attention to this, either in isolation or in more depth, measuring more than just performance on RL tasks.