This paper presents a Bayesian approach for state and parameter estimation in a non-linear state-space model, as well as explores the dynamics of learning through the use of Gaussian processes (GPs). The estimation mechanism is based on the Particle Markov Chain Monte Carlo (PMCMC), incorporating the recently introduced ancestor sample idea. The paper also discusses the computational efficiency achieved in relation to sparsity and low-order chaos update.

This is a technically robust and concrete paper with a clear and accessible presentation. The online marginalization of transition dynamics and the use of an ancestor sample to achieve it is novel. Considering computational issues such as sparsity and low-order update/downdet, which are relevant to the chaos factors of the covariance matrix, further strengthens the paper. The empirical results, even when summarized, are sufficient (further suggestions are given below).

In addition to its stated objectives, this paper will encourage discussion about the potential advantages/disadvantages of learning dynamics in a non-Marxian state-space model rather than using a parametric model for estimation.

Although space is limited, the authors may find it interesting to consider some more discussion about the differences between using parametric transition models versus using the same model as the mean function of GPs. For example, out-of-sample prediction (e.g., forecasting).

The results in Table 1 and the details in the previous paragraph are a bit unclear to me. I am not sure whether the RMSE is against a closed set of data points or against a similar set of data points based on the column headings (*| data). My main interest will be the RMSE against out-of-sample prediction, especially forward prediction at time t. It is in this scenario that I would expect to see the biggest difference between the learned dynamics and the ground-truth model. If Table 1 does not already show this, an additional column that does would be a great addition.

One minor point: the abbreviated form CPFA-AS is used in Algorithm 1, even before it is defined in the first paragraph of Section 3.3.1 below. A solid and novel paper that will encourage some interesting discussion.