The authors propose a generalization of the Bayesian nonparametric stochastic block model in a hierarchical setting, so that a hierarchy can be inferred instead of flat clustering of entities based on observed links between them. They propose a learning algorithm based on agglomerative clustering to select a tree representing a valid possible partition of the entities. They then present empirical results from two corpus of social connectivity data and conclude that their method is both faster and more accurate than the Infinite Relational Model (IRM), a widely used model for this type of task.

I believe this paper addresses an interesting issue that will be of interest to a significant portion of the NIPS audience. On the technical side, Bayesian nonparametric methods, while appealing from a conceptual perspective, are often quite slow in practice. On the problem domain side, social scientists are increasingly using sophisticated Bayesian models to analyze data, and therefore a hierarchical extension to a popular network-discovery model should be appreciated. This paper sheds light on both of these issues.

The main insight is that by restricting the allowed partitions to conform to a tree structure, the marginal probability of data can be efficiently computed. IRM must necessarily consider the exponential number of possible partitions of the data. However, I was somewhat confused as to how the learning process of the tree relates to the generative story behind the Bayesian model. Since it is greedy, I don't think it can be seen as performing a real posterior estimate on the distribution of the tree or finding some kind of point MAP or ML estimate. But I could be wrong. I would advise the authors to improve the clarity of Section 4.

I found the results impressive. In terms of several performance measures (AUC, predictive LLH, accuracy), the proposed method performed equally or slightly better than IRM, which is the closest competitor. While the asymptotic improvements in these scores are perhaps not quite as impressive, the claimed runtime is several times faster than IRM estimation.

I think the overall clarity and writing quality could be improved. First, there is a series of distracting spelling and grammar errors (for example, line 126). Second, the prose is sometimes difficult to understand. There are some unclear phrases in the introduction (lines 47-50) (what are 'local changes' in this setting? What are 'iterations' related to? An iteration of an MCMC algorithm?), for example. The authors do not clearly describe the content of the datasets they train on (the monastery network and NIPS authorship), which can confuse readers who are not already familiar with them. I sometimes found the math somewhat vague and unnecessary, such as equation 5. I also found figure 3 confusing. Being unfamiliar with the monastery dataset, it is not clear which method is performing best. Perhaps a dataset that more readers are familiar with would be helpful. Section 4, which presents the paper's original novel contribution, had to be read several times to understand.

However, if these issues can be overcome, I believe there is enough novelty in the proposed approach and the results are strong enough to justify publication.

The authors propose a novel model of graph edge structure that can be seen as a Bayesian version of agglomerative clustering inspired by IRM. I found the original learning algorithm insightful and the experimental results strong, but the writing quality needs improvement. The authors propose a novel model of graph edge structure that can be seen as a Bayesian version of agglomerative clustering inspired by IRM. I found the original learning algorithm insightful and the experimental results strong, but the writing quality needs improvement.