Well-written paper with good spelling, grammar, correct citations, etc. It's well above average here. However, don't try to start sentences with citations in NIPS style. The theory is somewhat concise, for example, using f() and g() throughout the paper.

This paper focuses on the Stochastic Block Model (SBM) and expands on the simple single-table instance of IRM by incorporating the theory of the Bayesian rose tree. This allows the CRP formulation of IRM to be replaced with the simple eq (7). The factorization on the subtrees follows the work done on learning Bayesian network structures, for example, Coivisto and Sood JMLR 2004 Section 3, where the posterior part is neatly factorized based on the class of selected perturbed structures, and thus greedy search, marginal probabilities, managing sufficient statistics, link prediction, etc., can all be neatly performed.

Evaluation for SBM is often done against "gold standard" data where the partition structure is known. NMI and other clustering metrics like scores can be used for this, where you compare against known clustering. You report using AUC, and I had to think for a while about how this could be done, as I am familiar with NMI evaluation for SBM. I guess you remove some links and then estimate whether they should be added back. Is this correct? Anyway, a clarification is desperately needed. Recent evaluations of SBM run on large datasets, which are larger than your entire NIPS, so the small evaluation shown in Figure 4 is good but should also be presented for a larger dataset. Comparing against Bayesian non-parametric methods is not sufficient because there are many published semi-parametric methods, some of which you have mentioned.

The contribution of this algorithm is the agglomerative method, and Table 1 summarizes it well.

This paper expands on the simple single-table instance of IRM by incorporating the theory of the Bayesian rose tree. Good clear theory and algorithm, although a simple concept and algorithm. The experimental work is illustrative rather than comparative, so not really sufficient.