This paper proposes a unified approach for scalable clustering of networks into hierarchical communities. The previous work on the Bayesian रोज़ tree [12] is essentially unchanged, with the exception of the (possibly non-binary) tree and algorithm structure. The approach to handling the network has been modified directly, and a little more work allows for efficient caching of sufficient data. The presentation is very clear, and the experiments compare favorably with a baseline model with a flat community structure, but there is a lack of comparison with other hierarchical network models.

Significance and Related Work:
This paper is generally well-written and seems technically sound. The presentation in Section 3 is particularly dense, and I wonder if there could be a simpler way to note and explain (9) and the parts based on it.
Since the comparison is limited to models that do not incorporate hierarchy into their underlying structure, the experiments mostly show how modeling hierarchy is beneficial for relational datasets, but not whether they are better than other hierarchical methods currently available. For example, there are at least two papers that model the underlying hierarchical community structure in a hierarchical manner. "Multiscale Community Block Model for Network Exploration" (Ho et al. 2012) uses a nested CRP, and "Mondrian Process" (Roy et al. 2009) defines a novel stochastic process that results in hierarchical structures on a K-D tree. The paper fails to mention these two Bayesian nonparametric models that could potentially enable the discovery of a more sophisticated underlying structure.

Originality and Clarity:
The model considered here appears to be a Bayesian रोज़ tree with a standard block-model probability. So, the innovation is all in how this new probability changes the way to recursively update sufficient data in greedy clustered clustering. The probability can be computed in O(nodes + edges) time, which is certainly a nice feature. Unfortunately, the details are not very good – there is a hint of dynamic programming before (10), but the details are difficult to understand. Regarding the recursive update of sufficient data, there are some equations, but it is not very helpful to understand why they are correct.

Terminology:
It is questionable whether the "nonparametric" terminology is appropriate here – Blundell et al. [12] phrase the रोज़ tree approach in the context of model selection, and compare it with nonparametric methods in their discussion. I agree with their explanation.

Experiments:
The qualitative experiment on Sampson is fine, and the comparison with IRM is good in terms of showing the benefits of averaging over several hypotheses when predictions are being made. Again, the biggest limitation is the lack of comparison with other hierarchical network models. There is some discussion about scalability, but none of the networks tested here are particularly large.
The previous work on Bayesian रोज़ tree with stochastic block model probabilities for networks efficiently integrates, and generalizes efficient clustered clustering methods for this scenario. This allows for effective hierarchical community discovery in experiments, but there is a lack of comparison with other hierarchical network models.