This research paper develops a new method for blind source separation, where the problem is formulated as an additive factorial HMM (AFHMM), and then Signal Aggregate Constraints (SACs) are applied. The motivation behind this is that additional domain knowledge can be incorporated to improve the process of separating the time series into components. The entire research paper provides an example of energy de-segregation, where components of household energy usage (related to personal appliances) can be better separated when information related to the total (expected) use of each appliance is included. The objective function to be maximized for the separation (which is the log of the posterior distribution of the hidden series given the observed data) is then transformed into a convex optimization problem. The effectiveness of this method has been demonstrated in practice with both a toy data set and real data obtained from household energy production readings.

The research paper is technically sound and has a robust simulation section. This method, as expected, performs favorably in contrast to regular AFMM and AFAMAP (a recently developed alternative method) – none of which incorporate SACs. Improvement using a t-test has been shown to be significant. The authors also show that the optimization speed is comparable to AFAMAP. My only question on the results section is why the authors used such low noise variance in their toy example – is this to clarify the explanation in Figure 2 that they can separate the signal very well and other methods cannot? Some explanation would be good here otherwise the problem setup seems "too" toy and rather easy. Or are these signal-to-noise ratios common in real data? On this note, the authors may also comment on the signal/noise ratio between the main reading and the aggregate device output in the energy application.

The theoretical aspects of the research paper are, overall, well-presented and structured. The research paper would probably benefit from evidence that the final process in equation (6) is indeed convex, as this is not entirely clear using the arguments given to me. Furthermore, theoretical scaling arguments (about data length and the number of hidden states) would benefit the research paper, and would complement the simulation findings. Are the methods viable when used for very large data sets and state spaces, and how would this contrast with AFAMAP?

The research paper is well-written and structured. The problem introduction is well-motivated, with a clear description of the relevant literature, although I am not so familiar with this problem, so I certainly cannot say that nothing has been left out here. I point out a minor (possible) error on page 4 (line 202), in the equation numbered (6) above, where I believe there should be no comma after the subscript in the object p corresponding to the previous notation on page 3 (unless some new notation has been introduced here?).

To my knowledge, this work is novel and original, although I am not an expert so I cannot comment on the importance of these results for the HMM community and the studied energy application.

Appendix: The authors satisfactorily answered my questions in the response phase, and I encourage them to make similar clarifications in the next edition of the research paper. This research paper proposed a method for blind source separation using additive factorial HMM with signal aggregate constraints. This method performs very well, especially with real data obtained from the energy de-segregation problem, compared to state-of-the-art technology.