"Interactive Control of Various Complex Characters Through Neural Networks" demonstrates how a small, rapid neural network can be used to present a control policy for interactive control of a character in a physics simulator.

This method uses trajectory optimization at a training stage to learn neural network policies. Its contribution is to show that the same architecture works more or less in circular behavior and various physical configurations.

General Comments ----------------
After reading this paper, I felt that it is an application of in-depth learning in the existing (though recent) techniques of computer graphics.
The ability to find realistic control signals for trajectory optimization has been established by previous work, some of which is quoted here.
The use of neural networks to approximate the necessary step-by-step steps of a policy to identify a trajectory similar to the trajectory obtained by trajectory optimization has also been developed in previous work (e.g. [9]).
Therefore, the authors of this paper need to work harder to better establish the work done in this paper compared to previously published methods.
I think the closest work is the recent work of Peter Abiele and Sergei Levin. How will the authors compare this method with that method? Is it for faster learning? Or is it to support different physical configurations? Or does it mean less computation is required at runtime? Or is it more powerful for specific environmental variables?

Specific Comments -----------------
What does "we have seen that the result process can generate very large and weak response gains" mean?
Consider the discussion of why you did not use LQG before presenting your technique.
The notation around lines 226-240 is confusing. You introduce s(X) = \bar s and then define a cost in terms of s(X) - \bar s. The bar and curves look similar.
What does "our method generates soft response gains according to the \lambda parameter" mean? What is soft compared to? What does soft or not soft mean? Why is it good to change the initial state as part of your method? The work is good, but its contribution is not clear enough compared to other recent related work.