The authors consider the problem of finding policy parameters that minimize a given risk measure. The class of risk measures considered in this paper is defined by simple consistent properties such as normality and convexity, unidimensionality, and translational invariance. The presented method is based on a dual representation of any consistent risk measure as a convex shell of a probability distribution. The risk of a random variable (such as an expense) is given by the maximum expected value within the shell. This paper makes an assumption on the family of consistent risk measures, limiting the maximum derivative of the convex shell boundary (i.e., the shell boundary is M-Lipschitz continuous). Using this assumption, the authors analytically derive an algorithm for optimal policy parameters (relative to the risk measure), as well as a general gradient assumption for both static (one-step decision) and dynamic (or continuous) cases.

The paper is well-written and organized. Although I am not familiar with risk-sensitive optimization, I was able to follow most of the explanations. The main contribution of this work is the integrated analysis of a general class of risk measures, including well-known measures. I think this is an important contribution. However, a more in-depth empirical analysis of the proposed gradient algorithm would be appreciated.

Some comments/questions:
1- The introduction section is not clear enough. I was confused about the role of P_{\theta} and \ksi.
2- Isn't equation 2 just a definition of a convex shell? Why is it more restrictive than theorem 2.1?
3- I would suggest adding a comment on how the analysis can be generalized to distributions over continuous variables.
4- It would be good to mention in the brief paper the role of smoothness of the restricted functions in proving theorem 4.2.
A strong theoretical paper for risk-sensitive decision-making that provides a general approach. The results seem interesting, but the proofs need to be verified.