This paper proposes a model-driven approach for conducting Conditionally Independent Tests (CIDs) for ID data. Its core idea is to create a sample that follows a distribution close to the nearest-neighbor bootstrap using f{CI}. Then, a classifier is trained, and it is tested whether it can distinguish between the observed distribution and the nearest-neighbor bootstrapped distribution. If the classification performance is close to the random guess, then the null hypothesis (failure to reject the null hypothesis) can be rejected, assuming the data follows conditional independence; otherwise, the null hypothesis is accepted.

The authors have established some limits on the proximity of the nearest-neighbor bootstrapped distribution and f{CI}, which are based on the total variate distance and the empirical risk under standard classification settings and near-independent samples.

In general, this paper attempts to solve an important problem and presents it in a clear manner.

Detailed Comments:

Major Points:

1.  It seems the entire method can be divided into two main components. One is creating a sample that mimics f{CI}, and the other is using a classifier to determine it. My question is whether we can replace any step using existing solutions from the literature. For example, we used the permutation-based method proposed in [7] and then the classification-based method to solve the problem. Or, we use the nearest-neighbor bootstrap and kernel two-sample test methods together to solve the problem. I am curious about the performance.
2.  The nearest-neighbor bootstrap distribution is close to f{CI} in a setting with a limited sample size. In this case, if the ground truth x and y are weakly dependent on z, how will the proposed method predict?
3.  Is the method completely symmetric with respect to x and y? From a causal perspective, x and y can be dependent on z due to two different causal models: x is the cause of y, or y is the cause of x. In these two different scenarios, we need to determine which variable to sample. The authors have not considered this problem.
4.  I am deeply concerned about how to choose the parameter $\tau$ in Algorithms 2 and 3.

Minor Points:

In Algorithms 2 and 3, it seems the empirical risk should be divided by the sample size.