This paper presents a spectral analysis using the Kupman operator defined in Hilbert space, a suitable reproducing kernel. It then follows the standard approach to defining a set of (kernel) approaches for analyzing nonlinear dynamical systems with empirical data. The decomposition of the Kupman operator's projection resulted in some efficiency gains in both synthetic and real data analysis problems. This paper presents an important kernel construction for analyzing nonlinear dynamical systems. The contribution is well-motivated and experimentally validated. However, there are some concerns that I hope the authors will address: I am not clear what the (hopefully substantial) difference is between the presented paper and [35] M.O. Williams, I.G. Kevrekis, and C.W. Rolley: Data-Driven Approximation of the Kupman Operator: An Extension of the Dynamical Mode Decomposition. Journal of Nonlinear Science, 25:1307-1346, 2015, where the Kupman eigenvalue, eigenvalue, and mode were already introduced to analyze nonlinear system dynamics. I would appreciate some comments and discussion that point out and clarify the main differences, as well as a better discussion on Section 4. The field of nonlinear dynamical system analysis with kernels is vast, and some relevant references are missing; the authors can check the papers by L. Ralivola and F. D'Alche, Tuiya et al, Rojo-Alvarez et al, M. Mouatamid and R. Schaback, or M.O. Franz and B.B. Scholkopf. Even though the Kupman operator is, in general, defined for a deterministic system, I would appreciate some comments on the performance on stochastic settings, which are ultimately important/realistic. The authors briefly address this issue, but some further discussion, and ultimately a toy experiment, would be welcome. The authors clarify the comment (line 216, page 5) that "the estimation process does not necessarily require a sequence, but rather a collection of pairs of consecutive observations, where each pair is considered" non-linearly related pointwise. I am ultimately curious about the implications of this notion in multidimensional time series with weak pointwise relationships: what do we get from the proposed kernel construction? Can you discuss this? Related to this, I would also appreciate if the authors could elaborate on the causal assumption inherent in the setting. Regarding experimental settings, I honestly don't find them very ambitious: the prediction through preimaging essentially follows a standard well-known approach, the proposed approach under the subsection "Embedding and Recognition of Dynamics," and the lack of discussion (not to mention experimental comparison) on the relationships between the (large) literature of clustering time series (through kernel mean and related subspace kernel methods), and when it comes to sequential change-point identification experiments, it would be more appealing to see a comparison of the state of the art with online change identification (for example, known to fail in the complex dynamics used by the authors). Some more reassuring experiments are expected to support the development. * Minor: The paper is very well-written and clear. I just noticed two minor typos: please check the indices on tau-1 vs tau, and replace the dot in k(xi.xj) with a comma (last equation in p7)