The manuscript titled "Kuppman Spectral Analysis of Nonlinear Dynamical Systems with Reducing Kernel" extended Dynamical Mode Decomposition (DMD) to Reducing Kernel Hilbert Space (RKHS). Consequently, the algorithm (KDMD) is then applied to some simple problems. Therefore, it allows using feature maps as a definition of the kernel, so that DMD can be further coupled with specific features of interest; this is then a powerful generalization of DMD. My main concern is that the paper is actually difficult to read. Even for some simple concepts, the authors emphasize mathematical writing when short sentences would suffice. On the other hand, some sections are indeed very detailed. This can make it difficult for experts to understand, and some points should be clarified. It is too vague for publication in the proceedings of the Neural Information Processing Systems Conference, but I strongly encourage the authors to rewrite it in a more academic manner; as a result, the article should indeed be highly cited. Reference report manuscript on "Kuppman Spectral Analysis of Nonlinear Dynamical Systems with Reducing Kernel" extended Dynamical Mode Decomposition (DMD) to Reducing Kernel Hilbert Space (RKHS). Consequently, the algorithm (KDMD) is then applied to some simple problems. Therefore, it allows using feature maps as a definition of the kernel, so that DMD can be further coupled with specific features of interest; this is then a powerful generalization of DMD. My main concern is that the paper is actually difficult to read. Even for some simple concepts, they emphasize mathematical writing when short sentences would suffice. On the other hand, some sections are indeed very detailed. This can make it difficult for experts to understand, and some points should be clarified. It is too vague for publication in the proceedings of the Neural Information Processing Systems Conference, but I strongly encourage the authors to rewrite it in a more academic manner; as a result, the article should indeed be highly cited. I. Main Comments Please see my main comments in the following: 1. The presentation is indeed very detailed when it could be simplified. For example: "Conceptually, DMD can be thought of as an approximation of the kernel's eigenfunctions, using a set of linear monomials of the observable as basis functions, similar to a one-term Taylor expansion at each point." could be easily summarized into a short and simple sentence. 2. Section 4 is indeed useless in a short paper and was (partially) considered in the introduction. 3. Section 5 should have been illustrated, or summarized in the conclusion. 4. Section 6 should have been developed in the manner of Section 5! It has been greatly oversimplified. II. Minor Comments My other minor comments are: 1. There is probably a typo in the description of the toy NL case, as it is indeed linear. 2. The first two problems are indeed polynomials. This is where KDMD should have shone – when the kernel can be approximated, as in 1. More detail should have been given, as indeed in Section 5. Reference 1: Steven L. Brunton, Bingy W. Brunton, Joshua L. Proctor, J. Nathan Koitz, "Finite Linear Representations of Nonlinear Dynamical Systems for Kuppman Invariant Subspaces and Control," http://arxiv.org/abs/1510.03007v2, (2015)