This paper presents a "hybrid" deterministic-probability method for first-order optimization. The algorithm calls a deterministic oracle (queries to the entire gradient) and a probability oracle (queries to the probability gradient). The authors show that this approach allows for the removal of the dependence on the condition number in the convergence rate.

The authors present an interesting and striking theoretical result. Essentially, assuming that the condition number is known (i.e., both the strong curvature of the objective and the strong curvature constant are known), assuming that a first-order hybrid oracle (both probability and deterministic gradients can be queried) is available, a convergence rate of O(log(1/epsilon)) with high probability can be achieved for batch optimization with a suitably chosen mixture of deterministic gradient and probability gradient steps.

However, there are several concerns with the current state of the paper. First, the theoretical analysis only covers the case where the condition number is fully known beforehand, and does not cover the behavior of the algorithm when this hyper-parameter is incorrectly specified. Essentially, the current result states that the dependence on the condition number (kappa) can be removed from the convergence rate of the first-order optimization algorithm when this condition number is known beforehand. Perhaps, theoretical analysis in these other cases (when kappa is unknown) is challenging. If so, this analysis could have been done through experiments. But there is no experiment section in the paper, which is the second major concern. Since the main contribution of the paper is a new algorithm, I think it would make sense to do at least some experiments to assess the theoretical results presented in the paper and study their relevance in relation to the actual behavior of the algorithm on empirical data.

Detailed Notes
The proposed algorithm (EGD) relies on the update rule defined by equation 8 (page 4), which uses the so-called "mixed gradient" defined in equation 7. Therefore, EGD needs to set (or estimate) an hyper-parameter as $\eta$. Setting $\eta$ means knowing the condition number $\kappa$ ("conditional number" in the paper), i.e., both the "strong curvature measure" $\lambda$ and the "strong curvature measure" $L$. As far as I understand the paper, the authors have not provided any guidelines or theoretical arguments that allow for setting $\kappa$ beforehand.

So, there are two possibilities. Either this parameter should be estimated, and the corresponding estimation process is missing (only an estimated process would be fine, unless it is supported by numerical experiments). Or, it is assumed that this parameter is known, because the point of the paper is mainly theoretical. But then the theoretical analysis/experimental section will cover the cases where this hyper-parameter is incorrectly specified. This implies studying the convergence rate in cases where the hyper-parameter is set too large or too small.

Although popular in theoretical analysis, and realistic in many situations, the smooth and strong curvature case can be very restrictive, and other settings (non-strong curvature) are also interesting. In particular, the non-strong curvature case is also important, because it also arises in many situations. For theoretical analysis of different behaviors, see Bach & Moulines, 2011, which depends on the cases (strong curvature vs. smooth curvature).

There are other concerns as well. The mixing of deterministic gradient steps and probability gradient steps in a first-order optimization algorithm is not a new idea. In fact, the algorithm presented in the paper is not written in such a way, i.e., as a variation of deterministic gradient steps and probability gradient steps, with different frequencies for each type of step. It is written as a "mixed" update per iteration (within an epoch), and then as a gradient-like update step. It would be interesting to discuss how the proposed algorithm relates to and compares with a similar-feeling algorithm where one would mix deterministic gradient steps and probability gradient steps (at least in the "uninterrupted" case).

The authors do not review the related work, namely the so-called hybrid deterministic-probability optimization algorithm; see [Hybrid Deterministic-Probability Methods for Data Fitting. M. Friedlander, M. Schmidt. SISC, 2012]. Discussing and comparing convergence rates would be valuable here. Also see the above references for reviewing old works on that subject.

Finally, a complete experimental study would be a valuable addition to the paper, including a detailed comparison with recent proposals for regular SGD, average SGD, and probability first-order optimization (SAG, etc.).

A more minor concern is that the optimization setting assumed in the paper is not clearly stated. The paper aims to achieve the best of both worlds (deterministic optimization and probability optimization), i.e., the exponential rate of convergence from the deterministic world and the dependence on the condition number from the probability world. The authors do not explicitly state what they want to solve: the deterministic optimization problem [Minw F(w)=1/n \sum{i=1}^n Fi(w)] with a "probability" (or more precisely, "random") algorithm, or the probability approximation problem [Minw E(F(w))]। Passing note that both SAG and SDCA are random algorithms to solve the deterministic optimization problem [Minw F(w)=1/n \sum{i=1}^n F_i(w)]. The theoretical setup mentioned in Section 3.1 is misleading in this regard, and it is not clear from any claim made later in the paper which setting is considered. This can be easily fixed.

The authors present an interesting and striking theoretical result. Essentially, assuming that the condition number is known (i.e., both the strong curvature of the objective and the strong curvature constant are known), assuming that a first-order hybrid oracle (both probability and deterministic gradients can be queried) is available, a convergence rate of O(log(1/epsilon)) with high probability can be achieved for batch optimization with a suitably chosen mixture of deterministic gradient and probability gradient steps. However, there are several concerns with the current state of the paper. First, the theoretical analysis only covers the case where the condition number is fully known beforehand. The behavior of the algorithm when this hyper-parameter is incorrectly specified is not discussed. Essentially, the current result states that the dependence on the condition number (kappa) can be removed from the convergence rate of the first-order optimization algorithm when this condition number is known beforehand. Perhaps, theoretical analysis in these other cases (when kappa is unknown) is challenging. If so, this analysis could have been done through experiments. But there is no experiment section in the paper, which is the second major concern. Since the main contribution of the paper is a new algorithm, I think it would make sense to assess the theoretical results presented in the paper and study their relevance in relation to the actual behavior of the algorithm on empirical data.