The authors develop a scalable estimation algorithm for the network's "Triangle Model." They develop a powerful subclass of the model that shares parameters in a clever way, and they use Stochastic Variance Estimation to estimate the posterior part with very large networks. The paper is well-written and well-executed. I think it is acceptable.

P1: What is "economical" modeling? I don't think it's a simple expression in the context of probabilistic models. (I may be wrong about this.) I suggest expanding that word into a sentence because it is important for the paper.

P1: Reading Gopalan et al., accuracy is not reduced by down-sampling the zero. Your sentence in the introduction is misleading.

P4: I sympathize with the Triangle Model being fine from a practical point of view, but I don't think it is appropriate to appeal to LDA. If we run the LDA's generative process, we will get something that is "one" document, even if it is not the original. However, running your model may generate objects that are not networks. Again, this doesn't bother me---it is a good and practical model---but avoidance through LDA is not appropriate.

P5: You should quote Hoffman et al. with Amari and Sato. In your scenario, where there are "local variables" (in Hoffman's language), Sato's algorithm does not apply. The necessary theory is in Hoffman.

P6: How did you generate the power law network in the hidden space? The paper is unclear around this point.

P6: First, you quote Gopalan et al. as a way to accelerate MMSB. You should compare their algorithm to the MMSB batch (or instead).

Small Notes

P2: mixing-membership -> mixed-membership

P8: I suggest removing the last sentence. The second sentence from the end is a strong way to conclude the paper.

In the bibliography, mention the JMLR version of "Stochastic Variance Estimation."

The authors develop a scalable estimation algorithm for the network's "Triangle Model." They develop a powerful subclass of the model that shares parameters in a clever way, and they use Stochastic Variance Estimation to estimate the posterior part with very large networks. The paper is well-written and well-executed. I think it is acceptable.