The authors have created a scalable approximate estimation algorithm for the network's "triangulate model." They have created a robust subclass of the model that shares parameters in a clever way, and they use Stochastic Variational Inference to estimate the background with very large networks. The paper is well-written and well-executed. I think it is acceptable.

p1: What is "parsimonious" modeling? I don't think it's a general expression in the context of probabilistic models. (I may be wrong about that.) I suggest revealing the word in a sentence because it is important for the paper.

p1: From Gopalan and others, zeroing out does not reduce accuracy when down-sampling. Your introductory sentence is misleading.

p4: I sympathize that the triangulate model is fine from a practical point of view, but I don't think it is fair to appeal to LDA. If we run LDA's generative process, we will get something that is "one" document, even if it is a fool, even if it is not real. Running your model, however, may create objects that are not networks. Again, this does not bother me---it is a good and practical model---but it is not appropriate to support through LDA.

p5: You should quote Hoffman and others with Amari and Sato. In your situation, where there are "local variables" (in Hoffman's words), Sato's algorithm does not apply. The necessary theory is in Hoffman.

p6: How did you create a power law network in latent space? The paper is unclear on this.

p6: You have previously quoted Gopalan and others as a way to speed up MMSB. Your MMSB batch should be compared to (or instead of) their algorithm.

Small comment

p2: Mixture-membership -> Mixed-membership

p8: I suggest removing the last sentence. The last-to-last sentence is a strong way to end the paper.

In the bibliography, quote the JMLR version of "Stochastic Variational Inference."

The authors have created a scalable approximate estimation algorithm for the network's "triangulate model." They have created a robust subclass of the model that shares parameters in a clever way, and they use Stochastic Variational Inference to estimate the background with very large networks. The paper is well-written and well-executed. I think it is acceptable.