The paper proposes an extension to the additive factorial HMM model where additional constraints are added to require that the sum of individual chain outputs be close to some reasonable (known) aggregate value. The authors propose a convex relaxation to MAP inference and apply the algorithm to real-world energy disaggregation data, both across 100 UK homes with low-frequency readings, and 9 homes with higher frequency readings.

The ideas presented here are fairly straightforward, and the authors use a relatively simple optimization formulation to solve these problems, but overall the work is still compelling. The authors are applying these methods to relatively large real-world data sets, and as a paper that combines both applied and algorithmic elements, I think that it is a success. The comments below could help to improve the paper in my view:

A motivation for AFAMAP is to enforce the constraint that only one chain changes state at a time, which can improve the relaxation and potentially lead to more integer solutions. Does the SAC-AFHMM optimization formulation also accomplish a similar effect, or do the resulting solutions still exhibit lower error despite being non-integral? Some discussion of these points would be helpful, as it would further elucidate the distinctions between the approaches.

Fundamentally, it seems like the AFAMAP and SAC-AFHMM ideas are orthogonal: one could conceivably include the SAC constraints within the optimization formulation for AFAMAP. While I don’t expect this to be addressed during the author response, I would strongly encourage them to explore this combination for a future version.

The authors sometimes conflate models and optimization procedures. For instance, comparing the results of "AFHMM" versus "AFAMAP" isn’t entirely precise; AFAMAP is an algorithm for (approximately) computing MAP solutions for the AFHMM, and I believe by "AFHMM" here they mean alternating Viterbi optimization. Is this correct? This also relates to the point above, where the strategies of the different algorithms presented could potentially be combined for improved performance. 

The paper proposes a straightforward extension and optimization to solve a variant of the AFHMM, but the results on real-world data are compelling, and overall the paper appears reasonable.