The paper is concerned with the existence of local modes in the log-likelihood of Gaussian mixture models. The simplest possible mixture model is considered: isotropic Gaussian components with known scale. In addition, the model is well-specified. The authors show that local modes exist, even when infinite data is available, and that these are arbitrarily bad, in terms of differences in log-likelihood between the local and global optima. The paper focuses on particular configurations, specifically cases where the mixture centers are divided between well-spaced clusters. Under such configurations, the authors show that random initialization will lead the EM algorithm to miss the global optimum with high probability, as the number of components increases. The paper is well written, with occasional typos. I have two main doubts about the practical relevance of the paper. 

First, Theorem 1 demonstrates that the log-likelihood has local modes, even with infinite data. The authors show this exists for a particular configuration of the centers. My question is: how likely is this configuration to occur in practice? I would feel more confident about the practical relevance of the paper if, for instance, the authors made some assumptions about the distribution of the centers, and then showed that “bad” configurations become increasingly likely as the number of components (k) or the dimensionality of the problem increases. Lines 210 to 218 of the paper state that Theorem 2 addresses these concerns, but I am not sure it does. It would be helpful to have a clear statement about how likely “bad” configurations are, under some assumptions. Note that here I am referring to “bad” configurations (positions of the true centers), not “bad” initializations.

Second, Theorem 2 considers the initialization of the EM algorithm. The authors consider initializing the component centers by randomly sampling from the data. With this initialization, and under specific configurations of the centers, the EM algorithm very often fails to converge to the global optimum. Now, consider the case where the data is generated using three Gaussians, two of which are close and one far apart. If we have the same number, N, of data points from each Gaussian, then 2N points will fall close to the first cluster and N will fall close to the third density. It seems counterintuitive that someone would initialize EM by placing 2 centers where there are only N points and 1 center where there are N observations, especially given that the two clusters are well separated. Is random initialization practically relevant when the data is clearly clustered?

Lines 74-81: I am not sure what the example on these lines is meant to convey. It does not convince me that Srebro’s conjecture holds when k = 2, so what is its purpose?

Lines 233-235: I understand requirement (2) here, but I don’t see why requirement (1) is needed. Do you mean that if you initialize a center between two clusters, you cannot guarantee that it will move toward the correct cluster?

Lines 267-273: The authors prove that EM is unlikely to converge to a saddle point. From a practical point of view, why is this result important? Is converging to a saddle point more or less problematic than converging to a local optimum?

MINOR POINTS:

Line 18: “We further show gradient EM algorithm” should be “We further show that the gradient EM algorithm…”
Line 38: “quality of the estimate” maybe “estimates” is better.
Line 60: “to characterize when it is that efficient algorithms…” I believe you mean “to characterize under which conditions efficient algorithms…”
Line 138: Just to be clear: O(d^1/2)-separated means that all densities are c-separated, with c being O(d^1/2).
Line 172: Isn’t this sentence redundant? Please reformulate it or remove it.
Line 177: “this is equivalent of sampling” should be “this is equivalent to sampling.”
Line 218: I don’t understand what a “well-separated” constant is.
Line 220: “initialized by the the random initialization” should be “initialized by the random initialization.”
Line 225: I don’t know what Ω(k) means.
Line 245: “unfortunate coincident for one single algorithm” should be “unfortunate coincidence for one single algorithm.”
Line 249: “Recall for uniform weighted” should be “Recall that uniform weighted…”
Line 308: “And claim when” should be “And that claim when…”



