This paper proposes a new method for evaluating topic models that divides a topic into groups or "buckets" based on the cosine similarity of each of the top *n* words to their respective word embeddings. In the simplest setup, words are considered one by one, and each is placed into either an existing "bucket" – if its cosine similarity with other words in the bucket is below a certain threshold – or a new bucket is created for the word. Two more complex methods based on eigenvectors and reconstruction are also suggested. The method is evaluated on three standard data sets and a weakly supervised text classification setting. It performs as well as or better than state-of-the-art technology (Roder et al., 2015).

The underlying idea behind this paper is quite simple and has a certain ad hoc flavor. The authors do not provide a new explanation for why the quality of a topic should be measured in terms of word-to-word similarity. I am not clear why this should be the case, given that the topic and word embeddings are defined in relation to two rather different notions of context (document versus sequential context). Furthermore, the proposed method seems to work quite well. (However, I would like to see some significance testing for Table 1.)

Overall, the paper is clearly written, even though there are some linguistic issues. Additionally, I found the description of the techniques in Section 3 to be a bit difficult to understand; I believe this is mostly because the authors used the passive voice ("the threshold is calculated in this way") in places where they were actually making a design choice. I think the authors should have tried to explain the different methods more clearly with a subsection for each method. There seems to be some room for this: the authors did not fully fill the 8 pages of content, and they could have easily shortened the rather non-informative "trace" of the method on page 3.

One question that was on my mind was how sensitive the proposed technique was to different word embeddings. For example, how would the scores have been if the authors had used word2vec instead of GloVe?