This paper presents the first broad-coverage semantic parser for UCCA, a specific method of graph-based semantic representation. Unlike CoNLL semantic dependency graphs, UCCA graphs can contain "non-terminal" nodes that do not represent words in strings. Unlike AMR, UCCA graphs are "grounded," meaning that authors believe the text tokens are represented as nodes in the semantic representation. The authors have presented several parsing methods, including a transition-based parser that directly builds and evaluates UCCA parsers.

Since UCCA and UCCA-annotated data exist, it seems reasonable to create a semantic parser for UCCA. However, the introduction and background sections seem wrong to me, as they arguably argue that UCCA is the only graph-based semantic representation (SR) method worth studying. This seems unacceptable to me, and it also seems unnecessary – a good UCCA parser itself could be a great contribution.

I do not fully agree with the three criteria the authors mention in the introduction for semantic representation methods. For example, it is not clear to me whether "non-terminal nodes" add any expressive power. Of course, it may be difficult to determine what the keyword is in an integrated structure, but what exactly can be represented through just a non-terminal node and more informative edge labels?

Also, the question of abstraction is not raised in SRs that are not "grounded." The advantages of "grounded" representations over AMR-style representations are not clear to me. I also believe that the term "grounded" has been used enough in the last decade for various notions of semantics, and it will encourage authors to find others ("anchored"? "lexicalized"). Therefore, I think the entire introduction section of the paper should be written and reasoned with more caution.

The parser itself is fine, although I have not done detailed testing. However, I did not find the evaluation results very impressive. In the "primary" edges, even a simple মাল্টparser surpasses the BSP parser presented here, and in the "secondary" edges, the F-scores (which a dependency-tree parser like মাল্ট cannot directly calculate) are not very high. Moreover, converting dependency graphs into dependency trees, which is called "tree approximation," has been quite studied in the context of works shared on semantic dependency parsing in CoNLL 2014 and 2015 (although without "non-terminal" nodes). Several authors have proposed methods for reconstructing deleted edges in graph-to-tree transformations; for example, Agic et al. (2015), "Tree Approximation Using Semantic Dependency Graph Parsing" discusses the problems involved in this reconstruction in detail. By including such methods, the F-score of মাল্টparser (and the LSTM-based মাল্টparser!) can be further improved, and the capabilities of the BSP parser become less clear to me.