The authors motivate page rank and then present a framework that includes node and edge weights from a feature model. They state that there was no guarantee of performance in previous algorithms for learning the model's parameters. They plan to solve the methods by combining a previous method for estimating a stable distribution of Markov random moves with an optimization method used for adaptation, when the loss function can only be estimated. They reintroduce a framework under a different name and notation from [21]. They discuss several technical assumptions and a loss function, and explain why the problem is difficult to solve. Some theorems binding the estimated gradient are stated. A general gradient-free method is discussed, which uses a biased gradient-free oracle, and a theorem is stated on its performance. They make some more assumptions and create an algorithm for the learning problem and adapt gradient-free methods to their problem, stating some more limitations. They outline some details of the experimental results on the web graph used in the related work, but a detailed reporting of the results and analysis is given in the appendix. Some parameters are not reported, and the novel algorithm is declared to perform better than other algorithms, but there is no discussion on the extent or implications of the improvement. It is not clear whether diverse sets of graphs were considered for testing. The writing is full of grammatical errors. The quotes are strange, the problem is called supervised page rank with a quote from [21], but only semi-supervised page rank appears there. I am not sure that the problem solved is impressive. Your limitations are strong, but I doubt that the stated technical assumptions will hold up in empirical data. Some assumptions seem limited, for example, narrowing the search space for phi around some chosen phi0 for R-ball can greatly limit the efficacy/applicability of your algorithm, which should be discussed. My biggest problem with the paper is that all the meat appears in the appendix. You neither provide an outline of the evidence nor complete empirical results. How did you choose phi0 and R in the empirical results section? Did you run the test on more than one graph? You do not report any tables or specific results in the main part of the paper. What are the practical results of your improvements? Your limitations and analysis and algorithm may be powerful, but the content itself in the paper fails to convince me.