This paper proposes a new formula for the class of static consistent risk measures, which allows for the analytical derivation of policy probabilities for many common risk measures. It also presents a general sample-based algorithm for cases where no analytical solution is available, guaranteeing the stability of policy probability estimates. Ultimately, this paper provides an expression for the policy probabilities of Markov-consistent dynamic risk measures.

Significance and Quality:

The integrated derivation of policy probabilities for consistent risk measures is interesting and a valuable and novel contribution to the literature on risk-sensitive decision-making. However, analytical solutions for Lagrangian saddle-points are only available for some risk measures.

The proposed sample-based approximation scheme may allow us to apply the derived results for general consistent risk measures without obtaining analytical forms of saddle-points. However, this paper does not provide any empirical evidence that the proposed estimation scheme is व्यवहार्य in practice. An experimental comparison between using sample-based policy probabilities and analytical probabilities in various problems, for example, for CVaR, would be extremely helpful.

Novelty: To my knowledge, derived policy probabilities – in this general form – are novel.

Clarity: The paper is generally well-written, however, I feel that the clarity of the main paper is significantly hampered by the number of different issues addressed in eight pages. In particular, Section 5 presents dynamic risk policy probabilities at a very high level and the lack of any algorithm description and experimental evaluation does not allow the reader to judge whether the derived policy probabilities provide a व्यवहार्य approach in practice. I think this material is more suitable for a longer journal publication. One option that I would find beneficial is to split this paper and instead focus on static risk measures, which would make the paper more standalone and allow for a more comprehensive empirical evaluation beyond the very basic toy example in the current submission. An interesting paper with potentially generally applicable results, but difficult to assess due to the lack of a comprehensive experimental evaluation. Furthermore, a narrower focus to address the shortcomings in clarity due to lack of space may be more appropriate.