General Comment:

This paper discusses the relationship between part-of-speech tags (PoS tags) and word embedding. Specifically, the authors have reached some interesting (if somewhat simplistic) conclusions about the consistency of PoS tags using word embedding and the clear connection between PoS tags and word vector representations. Detailed error analysis (external validation of the classification) is certainly a strong point of this paper.

However, the paper seems to be missing an important key point: why were corporations like BNC primarily tagged with PoS tags? In contrast to a pure linguistic investigation of morphological categories (which is supported by a lexical prototype theory - see Croft, 1991), these corporations were created and tagged primarily for the convenience of further NLP tasks, especially parsing. The entire discussion could then be rearranged to consider whether the differences created by the distributed vectors are more beneficial for parsing than the original tags (or UPOSs).

Also, most of the related work in the context of the introduction of distributed PoS is absent in the paper. I suggest starting with Christodoulooulos and others' 2010 review and adding some recent non-DNN work, including Blanসাম and Kohon (2011), Yatbaz and others (2012). In light of this work, the results of section 5 are not very new (there are systems that have more limitations in external knowledge and achieve comparable results).

Specific Problem

One of the contributing results in summary is "distributed vectors contain information related to PoS tags." This is not a new result, especially for English: every distribution-based PoS tag introducing system that has presented "many-to-one" or "cluster purity" numbers over the past 15 years shows the same results.

Lines 79-80 ("the relationship between vectors... is mostly syntactic") this statement is not correct: <MIKOLOV or COLOBERT> 's paper (and subsequent work) shows that these vectors contain a lot of syntactic information. See also the previous comment about cluster purity scores. In fact, you changed that statement at the beginning of section 2 (lines 107-108).

Why go to UPOS? Of course, the nuances of the original tagset are more interesting.

I don't understand footnote 3. Were these failed attempts made by you or someone else? Under what criteria did they fail? What about Brown cluster vectors? They are almost perfectly aligned with UPOS tags.

"Noun words are not like general noun words" (lines 331-332) is this observation very interesting? Doesn't the existence of "the" (the most frequently used function word) almost exclusively explain this difference?

Although I understand the practical reasons for using the most frequently used word/tag pair analysis, it would be interesting to see what happens with vectors and what kind of error the classifier makes.

You can then try to imagine alternatives to pure distributed (and morphological - since you are lemmatizing) features that would allow for better generalizations of PoS tags for these less frequent words.

Small Problem

Change the sentence references \newcite{}: For example, "Mikholov and others (2013b) showed"