In pair-based averaging models with strong interactions, Gibbs sampling is aimed at improving mixing rates, known as "slow-mixing." Several projections have been proposed in "fast-mixing" models; essentially, parameters are identified that are as close as possible to the original model, but weak enough to meet a spectral limit for fast mixing establishment. Experiments show in some cases that this leads to improved edge estimates for a given computation time, which is better than the original model's variational method (average field and type of confidence propagation).

The technical content is based on previous results establishing conditions for fast mixing [4,8]. However, the idea of projecting near a fast-mixing model as an approximate estimation method has not been seen before.

In the domain of "toy small averaging models," the results provide some nice improvements compared to good baselines (standard sampling and contemporary variational methods). My main concern should be more than the usual doubt about whether these results will extend to larger models. The experiments involve comparing the mixing times of samplers of different models, and it is difficult to judge how they will extend with problem size. Also, creating a fast-mixing model requires a (seemingly) computationally expensive projection step, the cost of which is not accounted for. Finally, it is not at all clear whether generalization outside the binary condition will be possible, as it is more difficult to establish a generally convergent limit.

Transparency:
In general, the presentation is clear and reasonably accessible, considering the technical content. However, some restructuring and clarification are needed in some places:
* The paper mentions "standard results" several times and even mentions it in the form of a theorem (e.g., Theorem 6) without any reference or proof sketch. Lemma 5 is left unproven, the reference is proven for a special case of the zero-field.
* Discuss the properties of the dependency matrix R. For example, it does not seem to be available due to maximization, please tell me if it applies in that case. (I assume this is why Lemma 5 is used.)
* It is almost impossible to follow the second half of section 4. Before their introduction, the text g, M, and Lambda refer to Theorem 7. Then the statement of Theorem 4 includes some notations that are not really explained. If this optimization is discussed, more explanation is needed. (Perhaps less time could be spent re-referencing the results from [8] that are not really used.)
* In section 1, KL(q||p) is used for both sides of the KL divergence when the notation needs to be shifted for one. In the first paragraph, q is used for the true distribution and p for the available approximate values; this is contrary to almost all related literature.

Experiments:
It appears that the time comparison in Figure 2 does not include the computation required for the projection. A somewhat vague statement related to this is shown in section 6.1, but it is vague; please clarify and show the results including the projection time if it is. Since the proposed methods can mainly use the output of an advanced variational optimization, the improvement is less convincing than the standard Gibbs.

It was disappointing not to see experiments in larger models, because Gibbs mixing time often depends on the problem size. In such situations, there must be alternatives to running experiments where the junction tree is difficult, such as using a model where symmetries allow the true edges to be computed, or taking the output of a very long sampling run as true.

I understand that KL(\theta||\psi) is generally difficult, but it would be interesting to explore here a possible "best-case" scenario of how the sampling of an approximate model would work. (Junction trees can be used for submitted toy models.)

The average field is a degraded field of the inverse KL projection, as mentioned in the paper, yet there is a large difference between the average field error and the error from the inverse KL projection. This deserves discussion.

The idea of projecting slow-mixing models near fast-mixing models is a nice idea, and recent work on mixing limits has been used in a refined way. However, there are some concerns about experimental comparisons and the limited range of models to which this method is potentially applicable.