Authors have proposed a method to improve the mixing rate of a Gibbs sampling model in an icing model by projecting the main parameterization of the model onto a new parameter setting that meets the necessary Dobruchin criterion for rapid mixing. They framed the projection as a constrained optimization problem, requiring constraints to ensure that the new parameters are defined in the same space as the original parameters, and tested this projection under several distance/divergence measures.

In my opinion, methods that combine the principles of stochastic and deterministic assumptions are a less explored area, and consequently, I think it's an interesting idea. While the idea of increasing the original parameters to improve mixing is simple, I found the description of the projection problem's dual to be somewhat unclear – for example, how the * zij*dij = 0 constraints ensure that the new parameterization is in the same space (can't it be in a smaller space)? I was also unsure about the overall approach – do you complete the projected gradient operations and then run a Gibbs sampler, or do you somehow combine sampling with gradient updates? An algorithm description would help clarify the box. Also, is the proposed projected gradient descent technique guaranteed to be convergent?

I also found the experiments to be somewhat unreliable. In the first set of experiments, why was the Gibbs sampler run for 30K iterations? Since you are comparing a sampling method to a deterministic method, a comparison based on time would seem more fair. Also, where are the error bars in these charts – the reader cannot tell whether these results are significant. The second set of results compares the original/non-experienced Gibbs sampler with the Gibbs sampler under different projections and shows that the projection leads to faster mixing. However, the projection operation takes time to perform, and this is not accounted for in this comparison (for example, if the projection takes 1 minute and the non-experienced Gibbs sampler can produce 10k samples in that time, the projection may not be worth it). Finally, why was there no comparison with the blocked Gibbs sampler or Gogget's "lifted Gibbs sampler"?

Overall, a very nice idea. However, a little work could be done on the projection problem and the proposed method, and a strong set of experiments is needed to convince me of the usefulness of the method.