The success of estimating using Gibbs sampling in MRF (here, with only two labels, i.e., the Ising model) strongly depends on the mixing rate of the underlying Monte Carlo Markov chain. This paper proposes the following method for estimation:

1) Project the input model (which is likely not rapidly mixed) onto a set of rapidly mixed models.
2) Estimate on the rapidly mixed resulting model.

The location of the rapidly mixed model is defined by limiting the spectral norm of the absolute value of the Ising edge's power. The "projection" is defined by the divergence of the Gibbs distribution. This is forced to preserve the graph structure. The projection into Euclidean distance doubles the initial task and is obtained using LBFGS-B. For other divergences (KL, piecewise KL, and inverse KL divergences are implemented), the projected gradient algorithm is used. In the inverse KL divergence, Gibbs sampling must be performed (but on a rapidly mixed model) to calculate the projection.

Extensive tests on small random models comparing the estimated edges with the actual edges are presented. The tested methods are the proposed method (with all the divergences above) and Gibbs sampling on the Lupi BP, TRW, MF, and the main model. Not only accuracy, but also runtime-vs-accuracy evaluation has been done. The tests show that the proposed methods consistently outperform TRW, MF, and LBP in terms of accuracy, and also Gibbs sampling on the main model for a reasonable range of runtime. Among the proposed methods, the method with inverse KL divergence consistently performs the best.

Comments:
There are two nested loops in the projected gradient algorithm from section 5.1, the inner loop being LBFGS-B. Please provide details on when the inner iteration was stopped.

The meaning of the horizontal axis in the plots of Figure 2 (and the complement) is not clear. It is titled "Sample Number" but sampling is only used for the inverse KL divergence. I think the horizontal axis should be the algorithm's runtime. Similarly, the runtime of LBP, TRW, and MF should also be reported. This will ensure fair accuracy-runtime comparison of all tested algorithms. Please clarify this issue – it is difficult to interpret the tests without it. Give the absolute running time in seconds. Please consider experimental comparisons with larger models. An interesting alternative is to use the models in this paper [Boris Flach: A Class of Random Fields on Complete Graphs with Tractable Partition Functions, shown in TPAMI, available online] which allow polynomial estimation.

222: Use "On the Graph" instead of "On the Tree"
226: Shouldn't we say "Subgradient" instead of "Derivative"? Interesting paper, credible empirical results. Although practical utility may be limited due to high runtime (this needs to be clarified in the rebuttal).