This paper presents a hybrid approach for solving prediction problems using crowdsourced labels and increasingly (online) trained models; the main idea is to rely more on the crowd because the system grows rapidly, thus learning from the labels obtained and using less of the crowd because the model becomes more confident. It creates an advanced framework for the problem as a stochastic game based on a CRF prediction model, where both the system and the crowd are players. The system can issue one or more questions q for a token x (with a true label y) that pulls a response r, where each result has a utility U (q,r); thus, the system tries to choose the actions that will maximize the expected utility. Furthermore, the questions are not issued all at once, but at some point s (with a time t to answer); the utility is maximized with respect to the deadline t, which is to calculate an answer (so determining how many questions are sent, at what rate, etc.).

To calculate this expected utility, it is necessary to use the simulation dynamics model P (y,r,t|x,q,s) to calculate the utility (4). Given the utility values, the best action can be chosen; however, it is difficult to optimize due to the constant time induction, and therefore an approximate value based on Monte Carlo tree search and TD learning (algorithm 1) is used. A simplified named entity recognition (NER) task, a sentiment recognition task, and a face recognition task were tested using four methods: n-judge majority vote (1,3,5), online learning (using true labels), a "threshold" baseline (the authors' model but without constant time, where m questions are sent at each step until the uncertainty of the model's prediction goes below a threshold), and finally the author's complete model (LENSE). In terms of accuracy/recall/F1, the complete model performs better than all others except the 5-vote crowdsourced version, although the "threshold" baseline performs almost the same (and with less latency for NER; see Table 2). The authors also show that if a sufficiently strong model is given for training, the model requires fewer and fewer crowdsourced labels over time (see Figure 3), and the accuracy is higher than in the first example compared to online learning (Figure 4), because the system can use the crowd expert more if the model's uncertainty is still high.

This was indeed an interesting paper, and I hope it can generate much discussion and further work, as well as begin to be used in practice. There are various heuristic methods for learning from the crowd during system training, but this is the first complete and principled proposal I have seen. The results are impressive, especially in contrast to the reasonable baseline. As a result, I believe the work is highly original and significant, and I think it deserves to be included in the conference. However, it does not perform well in terms of clarity, which unfortunately may diminish the potential impact of the paper. Many of these problems are correctable (even for camera-prepared models) if the authors are willing to put in the time and effort and possibly maintain some consistency with the "threshold" baseline as opposed to the complete constant-time version.

The main problem with clarity begins in the middle of the third part due to the constant-time induction. The reason for this is reasonable, that is, a time (as well as a cost) budget may be required for each classification, but experimentally it seems to have very little benefit, while the cost is becoming very complex in the formulas and discussions (as well as the optimization methods).

In fact, Table 2 shows that the "threshold" baseline achieves significantly lower latency in the NER task, yet roughly equivalent performance (slightly worse); it actually performs better in the face recognition task (although still roughly equivalent). The authors argue (l. 314) that the baseline performs well in the second task because it is a single label prediction task and there is no significant interaction between the labels - however, the NER task, which has a lot of interaction, seems to benefit slightly from it.

For many practical tasks, the "threshold" baseline will be good enough, and it is already a significant advantage (in the case of a principled hybrid learning system that performs better than active and online learning).

If the authors had clarified this during development, that is, the main method could have been fully developed (without time induction, and thus it would have been easier to understand and implement), and constant time could have been shown as an extension, the paper would probably have had more impact.

Similarly, when discussing the results, the authors could have clarified that the performance of the "threshold" method is quite strong, even in cases where there is a sequence dependency between the tasks. This is a suggestion and not strictly necessary, as I think the paper is strong enough to be included, but I think it will improve the likelihood of the paper and the technique being widely understood and adopted.

There are several minor problems with the results and how they are reported. Firstly, the introduction states that the model "has lost human performance" - but this is not true for the 5-vote case for NER; surprisingly the 5-vote event for face recognition and sentiment tasks is absent in multiple tables and figures (Table 2, Table 3 and the right half of Figure 4) - this should really have been included. Similarly, in Table 2, the results of the 5-vote event should be bolded because they represent the best performance. For the same reason, the threshold latency value in NER should also be bolded (and the LENSE value for face recognition). More importantly, the "threshold" baseline is absent for the sentiment test, and therefore it is not displayed in Table 3 or Figure 4 - this should also really have been included.

A few minor comments about the description of the methods:
 -l.183-187, although there is a discussion about t_ deadline, it is not clear whether any t_ deadline was used in the experiments and what criteria were used to determine when the answer was ready to be reported - was it an entropy threshold like the baseline or did it reach a t_ deadline?
 -In equation (2), it seems that the distribution should also be given a s variable (i.e., p (y,r,t|x,q,s).
 -In equation 5, the use of q in F (q) is very confusing - I assumed it referred to a question q, but in fact it only represents a nominal distribution function - please choose any other letter, as there are plenty of letters to choose from.
 -In the description of the threshold baseline (l.246-252), I assume that the expression (1 - ptheta (yi|x))*0.3^m <= (1-0.88) should be (note the right side) >= 0.88, because increasing m will reduce uncertainty, not increase it.

This paper presents a hybrid approach using crowdsourced labels and increasingly (online) trained models that is nicely presented as a stochastic game that models many aspects of data, true labels, and crowdworker responses, including the time of sending questions and the received answers. A "threshold" baseline but relying on constant time using multiple human labelers, online learning with oracle labels, and the author's model have shown to produce impressive results, compared to a baseline that performs equivalently. The method is original, novel, and interesting, and therefore the paper should be accepted, but there are some problems with clarity, especially in the case of constant-time induction, which complicates the discussion and algorithmic mechanics but seems to provide a slight advantage in performance.