This paper addresses the problem of textual unit references being ambiguous/linking to a given background knowledge base (in this case, the English Wikipedia). (Its title and introduction are slightly exaggerated/misleading, as the text and knowledge are much more intertwined than the EDL task, but the EDL is still a major part of the overall work.) This linking should be done through an intermediate layer of legal representation, namely reference entities, thus following two steps: (1) from reference to reference entities, and (2) from reference entities to the unit. Various embedding representations for words, reference entities, and units are learned, which are jointly trained to maximize a composite objective function that equally maximizes all three types of embedding.

Technically, the approach is quite clear and consistent with current deep processing fashion and best practices regarding embedding; while one might suggest all types of options, it is not clear what physical difference they would make. Rather, my comments focus on the basic approach. However, it is not clear why the two-step process involving reference entities is better than a simple direct one-step mapping from word references to their units. (This is the approach of Yamada et al, which is called the ALIGN algorithm here.) Table 2 shows that the two-step MPME (and even its simplification SPME) does better. Why exactly? What is the precise difference, and what additional information, if any, did the reference entities provide compared to the units? To understand, please check if the following is correct (and perhaps update the paper to clarify what is happening).

For units: their profile includes neighboring units in the relatedness graph. This graph is created (I believe) by looking at the word-level relatedness of unit definitions (pages in Wikipedia). Profiles are (extended skip-gram-based) embeddings.

For words: their profile is the standard distribution semantics approach without unit ambiguity.

For reference entities: their profile is the standard distribution semantics approach, but with unit ambiguity. Unit ambiguity is done using a unit-based profile ('language model') from local reference words and neighboring references, as briefly mentioned just before section 4, but without details. This is a problem point in the approach. How are entities actually created and differentiated? Who defines how many entities can be in a reference string? If it is done by looking at the knowledge base, we get a two-dimensional mapping between reference entities and units – that is, there is exactly one unit for each reference unit (even if there are more units).

In that case, are the 'seed words' the definitional profiles of the collection of entities starting from the unit text? If yes, what information is used at the reference unit level that is not used at the unit level? Only and exactly the same words that are in the texts that reliably link to the reference unit, but which are not in the equivalent unit webpage in Wikipedia? On average, how many such words are there for a reference unit? That is, how powerful/necessary is it to keep this additional differentiation information in a separate place (reference unit location), rather than loading these additional words only into the unit location (adding these words to Wikipedia unit pages)?

If the above understanding is essentially correct, please update section 5 of the paper to say so, because (for me) this is the main new information in the paper. This is not true, because section 6 of the paper states that "...this is the first work to deal with reference ambiguity in the integration of text and knowledge representation, so there is no precise basis for comparison". The TAC KBP evaluation of the last two years has hosted EDL tasks, which include eight or nine systems, all doing exactly the same thing, although against Freebase, which is much larger and more noisy than Wikipedia. Please see http://nlp.cs.rpi.edu/kbp/2016/

On a positive note: I really liked the idea of the smoothing parameter in section 6.4.2.

Post-reaction: I have read the authors' reactions. I am not really satisfied with their reaction about the KBP evaluation not being relevant, but instead they are interested in the goodness of the embedding. In fact, the only way to evaluate such 'goodness' is through an application. No one really cares how aesthetically pleasing an embedding is conceptually, the question is: does it perform better?