This paper provides an online algorithm for learning a structured dictionary to characterize neuroimaging data in individuals. This dictionary extends a well-established framework with a Sobolev predictor [14] to encourage spatial proximity of atoms. The authors applied their method to empirical data, reported the impact of various tuning parameters, and compared performance with two alternative methods in the field. Technical Quality: If given a choice, I would rate it a little less than 3. The model definition was clear. The algorithm followed a well-established framework [14] and seemed robust. However, perhaps a little weaker than its presentation, the paper did not clearly demonstrate the empirical benefit of introducing the Sobolev predictor in the results section. In particular, in Figure 2, it was not clear in which aspect the SSMF method was superior to the two alternatives. Was the spatial boundary more quantitatively smooth? Were there areas that the SSMF identified but were connected? etc. In addition to the SSMF calling the results "more structured," the authors clearly described some criteria that were appropriate by the neuroscience literature, and gave quantitative measures of improvement according to these criteria. Added after reading the rebuttal: The results given in the rebuttal are very informative. I changed my rating on technical quality from 2 to 3. I hope the authors will incorporate these new results into their revision, and furthermore, demonstrate that the atoms learned by the SSMF are more structured (with quantitative measures) and more meaningful (in the context of neuroscience literature). Novelty/Originality: This paper has a remarkable original contribution, extending [14] which applied Sobolev predictors to encourage spatially structured dictionary atoms. Potential Impact or Utility: Dictionary learning is a useful approach to explaining neuroimaging data in a large group of subjects, and introducing a Sobolev predictor or a similar spatial predictor should theoretically improve the results. This paper provides an efficient online algorithm to do so, and could add a good tool to the toolbox of the neuroscience/medical imaging community. The authors may also explore other applications of this method, such as image segmentation and spatial sensing. Presentation: The general organization of the paper is fine. However, the paper did not seem like a well-edited manuscript; there were misleading details and typos that made it difficult to understand the content. I list the misleading parts below. Some of them seem like easy typos to fix, but some may require more detailed explanations. --In the matrix decomposition equation between lines 67 and 68, should the transpose symbol on the group of $ V^ j$ (j = 1,..., r) be on each individual $ V^ j$? --Line 73, the reference to the HCP dataset was missing. --Line 83 "The graph-net may fine..." --Line 146: The bold sentence may be a comment by a co-author that was not fixed. --The last line of equations (6) and equation (8) did not agree on $ V^ j +At[j,j]^{-1}(VAt^j -Bt^j)$ vs $At[j,j] V^ j -(VAt^j - Bt^ j)$. Also in the last line of equation (6), I assume that $ V$ refers to the dictionary in the last iteration, (i.e. the jth column is not a variable $ v$ for optimization). --Line 157, "a single, a single" -- Line 169, "We conducted a comprehensive study on how" -- In section 3.3, the paragraph near 147, just below algorithm 2, it would be good if the authors clearly gave the mathematical/algorithm solution of equation (6), even in the appendix. --Figure 2, the results by different methods were presented on different horizontal and longitudinal slices, making it difficult to directly compare the results. Based on the figure, I did not follow the description given in line 222 which claimed that the results were more "structured" by the SSMF model. --Figure 3, it was not clear what was predicted. Was it returning brain data on practical metrics, if yes, was it based on $ U_ i$? Legends were not clarified in the main text or in the figure captions. The figure did not show the PCA baseline mentioned in the caption. I did not follow the description given in lines 224-227, which claimed that R^ 2 is greater than 0.1, (which curves should I look at?).