Here, the authors consider the problem of learning the mixture of hidden Markov models. The authors first suggest using a spectral learning algorithm to learn some parameters for a hidden Markov model, and then provide a method to solve the permutation ambiguity of the transition matrix to recover its underlying block-diagonal structure.

Key Comments:
1. I found this paper to be very well-written for the most part. In particular, the experimental results section could be a little more detailed.
2. The authors rely on the information that the mixture of hidden Markov models can be expressed as a single HMM. One of the main reasons for learning the mixture of HMMs, as opposed to learning a single HMM, is that the block-diagonal structure of the mixture of HMMs is rare, if not the main reason. This rarity can be attributed to problems that are considered too large to learn with a complete model, especially if the problem is large and the amount of training data is small. However, in this paper, the author's algorithm relies first on correctly estimating the complete HMM parameters, then performing a permutation inversion to find the block-diagonal structure. This seems completely unacceptable for most real-world problems. Does the author have any suggestions on when their algorithm might be suitable and when it might not be?
3. Again, in reality, the recovered transition matrix is unlikely to be rare. Is there any way to ensure that the transition matrix learned by the spectral algorithm (approximately) proposed in this paper will be rare? I doubt that there are many HMM models that have a complete transition matrix that has a block-diagonal structure close to the rare model that the authors are looking for. It is not at all clear that the matrix learned through [1,2] will be rare with very little noise.
4. I am really concerned that the experimental results do not accurately reflect the reality of the transition matrix's noise. For example, in section 4.1, the authors apply their algorithm to a transition matrix that is perturbed by noise sampled from a Dirichlet distribution... but this is a paper about learning the mixture of HMM parameters, not just de-permuting the matrix. Should the authors sample the observation data from the mixture of HMMs and then re-learn all the parameters from the observed data? This would give a more accurate idea of how the noise of the observation and small amount of data is reflected in the learned transition matrix and how difficult it is to de-permute the matrix in the presence of this noise.
5. The test in section 4.2 is close to what I expected in the previous section, but there is not enough information to evaluate the quality of the test. In particular, I have no idea what the mixture of HMMs was actually like. The actual parameters of the transition and observation matrices are very important for evaluating how easy or difficult it is to learn the model from the data. I would like to know more about the details of these parameters (the authors could put it in an appendix if they think the space is too small).
6. In Table 1, why is EM doing worse with spectral learning than with just spectral learning? Shouldn't EM only improve the results?

Minor Comments:
1. I believe that in the proof in section 3.2.1, the subscript \Lambda in the bottom right corner of the first matrix should be K, not 2.
2. The writing and numbers in the figure are too small.

The paper has some interesting ideas and good theoretical results. I am concerned that this method is unlikely to work in practice on real datasets.