This paper discusses the convex-concave saddle-point problem. The authors demonstrate how this problem can be solved using existing stochastic variance reduction techniques (such as SVRG and SAGA) and a proximal operator. They studied these algorithms in the setting of the monotone operator and showed how it provides linear convergence. They proposed a faster version and analyzed a non-uniform sampling scheme. Novelty/Originality: The contributions of this paper are significant. The theoretical analysis is thorough and reveals some new insights for saddle-point problems. The authors propose many extensions to this paper, the most important of which is that their method is applicable to non- separable functions. Technical Quality: Although I really like the theoretical contributions of this paper, I am quite disappointed with the way it is presented. I think the authors could have made the paper more accessible by clarifying the connection with monotone operators. This is shown as an extension in section 6, but the analysis provided by the authors is based on the monotone operator. On the experimental side, I would have liked to see experimental results on more than two datasets. In the case of separable functions, the authors should also have compared their Chambell-Palk algorithm with faster methods like this stochastic variant: http://www.jmlr.org/proceedings/papers/v37/zhanga15.pdf Please add this reference to your submission. Here are a few things I would like the authors to clarify: 1. How strong are the A-C assumptions, especially assumption (A). For example, I am wondering if their assumptions are applicable to solving saddle-point problems induced by SVMs. 2. I do not fully understand the difference between the stochastic primal-dual method and their proposed method. Can the authors elaborate on this? 3. In theorem 2, I am not sure about the constant \mu. Is this the monotony constant mentioned in the appendix? How can we compare this result with the result of theorem 1? 4. The conversion from assumption (A)-(C) to stronger monotony (in the appendix) is confusing. Does assumption (A)-(C) imply monotony? Minor Problem: Some mixing between the constant L used as the condition number and the Lyapunov constant: "The quantity L represents the condition number of the problem" and "we need the Lyapunov constant L". Forward-Backward Algorithm: Please add a reference.