This paper extensively explores the solution to convex-concave saddlepoint problems using several recently developed incremental algorithms (and their faster versions via SVRG, SAGA, and Catalyst). These problems can arise from finite sum structures and two types of partitions: separate or factored partitions. The authors provide a detailed discussion on the complexity of these algorithms under various partitions and different (uniform/non-uniform) sampling techniques. A specific binary classification example demonstrates that non-uniform sampling and acceleration are crucial in defeating competitive batch algorithms. Although the concept of variance reduction and extending incremental algorithms to saddlepoint problems may seem simple, the established results here are significantly new, and the technical aspect is certainly non-trivial. For the important bilinear saddlepoint problem, the authors provide a clear comparison between batch, stochastic, and incremental FB algorithms, which generally share some similarities with methods known in the field of convex minimization, and this is understandable to me. However, here lies my main concern. While solving saddlepoint problems eliminates the disadvantage of non-separability of loss functions, the proposed incremental algorithms seem to face a fundamental obstacle: that calculating the proximal operator in each iteration costs O(n+d). Consequently, the overall complexity, even for faster SVRG with non-uniform sampling, as shown in Tables 1 and 2, may not be better than the faster batch version. In particular, when the number of data n is significantly larger than the dimension d, as is the case in most machine learning applications, the complexity under factored partition (which is used later in the simulation) is actually worse than the batch FB algorithm, as shown in Table 2. Contrary to what is generally known for convex minimization, I did not see any clear advantage of using variance reduction from a theoretical point of view here. I would advise the authors to conduct an in-depth discussion on this matter and clarify the following questions: i) Is factored partition (theoretically) worse than separate partition, ii) When is faster SVRG more optimal than batch FB, iii) Is the dependence on n, d tight enough? == Post-Reboot Answer == I have read the author's reboot and am satisfied with the response. My score remains the same.