This paper extends the Stochastic Variable Reduction Technique (SVRG) and SAGA to robustly handle convex-concave saddle-point problems, where linear convergence is proven. The effectiveness of the variable reduction method on saddle-point problems has been demonstrated in both theoretical and empirical results. This paper extends the Stochastic Variable Reduction Technique (SVRG) and SAGA to robustly handle convex-concave saddle-point problems. The proposed algorithms can be used in several non- separable saddle-point problems where both the loss (e.g., structured output prediction) and the regulator (e.g., fusion term) can be non- separable. Importantly, unlike previous convergence analyses on convex problems, the analysis on saddle-point problems is much more complex, and the authors used the monotone operator to prove convergence. The analysis further shows that the enhanced SVRG and SAGA algorithms are applicable to more extensive problems such as the variational inequality of game theory. Considering a stochastic approach, the authors proposed two different splits of gradient operators for SVRG and SAGA, namely element-wise split and factored split. The variable reduction works on stochastic forward-backward algorithms, which are commonly used for saddle-point problems. Non-uniform sampling is also considered, and both theoretical and empirical results show that variable reduction with non-uniform sampling is better than uniform sampling. Experimental results in both the main article and appendix provide sufficient proof of the theoretical results and demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed methods on both non- separable loss and regulator. Some minor comments: As in section 5, acceleration, the authors followed [8] to include an additional regularization term to push the update like a recursive point. It is not clear how this recursive point, e.g., (\bar{x}, \bar{y}), can be adapted to update quickly. A convergence and acceleration proof is provided for SVRG. Will the same theoretical results hold for SAGA? To avoid confusion, different symbols should be used for the smooth function K(.) and the design matrix K.