The authors use variance reduction algorithms like SVRG and SAGA to propose the first linearly convergent algorithm for the Saddle Point problem. Since convex minimization analysis is not applicable to Saddle Point problems, the paper's main contribution is using the Monotone Operator to prove convergence. One consequence of this is that the analysis is applicable to a broader class of problems, such as variational inequality problems. This method can be used to address non-separable loss functions and regulators in the context of Saddle Point problems. The first algorithm with linear convergence rate for Saddle Point problems has been proposed. This is an important problem to solve because it helps to deal with non-separable loss functions and regulators, which occur in machine learning models. The proof technique of explaining Saddle Point problems as finding the zero of a Monotone Operator is interesting and potentially widely applicable. More simple proofs for algorithms like FB Splitting (as well as its stochastic version) have also been provided. The algorithms proposed with non-uniform sampling are competitive and, in most cases, better than previous alternatives. The paper comprehensively expands the field in an important direction, and the analysis method is appealing. Since the paper's main contribution is the proof technique (the algorithms themselves are quite simple extensions of the original algorithm), the authors may consider including more detailed information about the proof technique, for example, including a proof sketch in the main paper, if space permits. The paper is clearly presented and well-written in most cases. However, I found the paper to be somewhat unclear in some areas. For example: 1. What type of non-uniform sampling is used for problems other than two-linear Saddle-Point problems, i.e., what is \pi? 2. How is the step size \sigma set in the experiment? Do the authors have any idea why non-uniform sampling seems so necessary for Saddle Point problems, and not for convex minimization problems? The paper may benefit from discussion on this topic. Small comments: 1. Typology in line 78: k -> d 2. Typology in line 121 of the second equation (extra y_{t-1} term)