The authors provide a theoretical analysis of the crowdsourcing problem and determine the fundamental limit (in infinite terms) of the number of searches for each item under such a model. More specifically, the crowdsourcing problem is modeled as a theoretical problem of Joint Source-Channel Coding (JSCC) with a random channel state. The channel state is assumed to be unknown in the encoder, but it may or may not be known in the decoder. The labels of the items are modeled as an i.i.d. source; the taskmaster is modeled as an encoder; the crowd workers are modeled as multiple uses of a channel; and the skill levels of the workers are modeled as the random state of the channel; and the crowdsourcer is modeled as the decoder. Through this model, the authors use the existing results of the coding rate in the JSCC problem to determine the fundamental limit of the infinite number of searches for each item in crowdsourcing. The authors provide a lower bound on the probability of error of a coding scheme called "k-ary incidence coding" under a specific crowdsourcing model (or channel under their theoretical model). In short, this is a well-written paper, and it could be the first step towards JSCC modeling of the crowdsourcing problem. Some technical comments: 1. The crowdsourcing problem is modeled as JSCC with a random channel state. The authors use the standard Source-Channel Separation Theorem in Information Theory to obtain their results ( theorems 2 and 3). However, the authors should first argue that the Source-Channel Separation Theorem is still applicable when the random state of the channel is unknown, while the state in the encoder is known or unknown. I think the Separation Theorem is still applicable in this situation, but the authors should prove it or find existing evidence. 2. The taskmaster is modeled as an encoder that only looks at the labels of the items, and the crowdsourcer is modeled as a decoder that only looks at the labels produced by the workers. However, this model may be too limited, as it ignores the fact that both the taskmaster and the crowdsourcer may have access to the original data (items). This knowledge of the original data can provide lateral information for the encoder and decoder in the JSCC problem. Lateral information may not be helpful if it is only present in the encoder, but it can be very helpful if it is present in both the encoder and the decoder, or even only in the decoder. I would have found the model more credible and realistic if the authors had considered lateral information in the model. 3. In section 4.2, while commenting on the curves in Figure 2, the authors stated that the lower bound of kIC improves when k and q increase. I think the authors meant to imply that the lower bound becomes smaller as k and q increase, which means that code performance may be better. However, this does not mean that the lower bound itself improves, as there is no upper bound to compare it to. The authors' response was later edited: The use of Joint Source-Channel Coding for crowdsourcing modeling is interesting, but (as another reviewer noted) a non-infinite property of the fundamental limit of CS would be more useful. The authors should look at the recent results of Costina and Verdu related to non-infinite conversations for JSCC: V. Costina and S. Verdu, "Lossy Joint Source-Channel Coding in the Finite Blocklength Regime", IEEE Trans. on Information Theory, vol. 59, no. 5, pp. 2545-2575, May 2013