This paper considers a crowdsourcing setup where a taskmaster divides a large task (such as a prediction problem) into smaller tasks. These smaller tasks are then presented to the crowd or employees. A crowdsourcing person then collects information from these employees (after they have completed their assigned tasks) and processes this information to complete the prediction task. This setup allows for different levels of employee expertise, as well as the possibility of employees not being reliable in sharing their information with the crowdsourcing person. The purpose of the entire system is to ensure a certain level of fidelity or 'reliability' of the final result to the crowdsourcing person, despite some incorrect information presented by the participating employees. For this, the taskmaster must carefully design the small tasks (or questions) to be assigned to the employees. This paper defines the total number of questions presented to the employees as the budget of the crowdsourcing system. This paper discusses a fundamental trade-off between the budget (the number of questions presented to the employees by the taskmaster) and fidelity (the quality of the prediction task performed by the crowdsourcing person). This trade-off is found by comparing the crowdsourcing system described above with the problem of joint-source coding in information theory literature. The taskmaster is considered the transmitter, and the crowdsourcing person is considered the receiver/decoder. The unreliable links between the employee and the crowdsourcing person create a communication channel. According to this mapping, a lower limit of the budget (number of questions) is followed for a desired level of fidelity from the standard results in information theory literature. This limit is independent of the scheme used by the taskmaster to design the questions and the algorithm used by the crowdsourcing person to process the information collected from the employee. Then the authors consider a specific scheme in the taskmaster, which is called k-ary incidence coding, and analyze its performance. Then the authors compare the performance of this encoding scheme with the obtained information theoretical lower limit for a specific channel model. The reviewer finds the parallel drawn between the rate-distortion framework and the crowdsourcing system with unreliable employees to be quite interesting. This work may encourage other researchers to study the crowdsourcing framework using information theoretical tools. However, the reviewer is not sure whether the results presented in this paper model a real crowdsourcing system in a very realistic way. One reason behind this may be that the paper wants to match the crowdsourcing problem exactly with the point-to-point communication problem, so that the existing results from information theory literature can be applied directly with minimal effort. It would be great if the authors could comment on the following points: 1) It seems that the reliability and skill level of the employees have been modeled as a single channel. The paper assumes that the transmitter (taskmaster) assigns the same number of questions to all employees regardless of their skill level. This may not be true in real systems where employees may carry some ratings representing their skill level. 2) How realistic are the channel models for considering employee unreliability? What can be said about employees who may have some knowledge about the task at hand and may try to reduce reliability in a negative way? The interpretation of the numerical results is not very clear. The labeling of the various curves in Figure 2 can be improved. What does the $k=1$ case correspond to? The employee directly gives you the correct label of the presented question because you cannot present a pair and ask if they share the same label in this case? On page 6, line 246, the authors mention that they assume knowledge of $P(B(X))$ . The reviewer believes that this should have been said earlier in the paper. Page 4, line 135: Figure 1.A --> Figure 1.B On page 4, line 135: Figure 1.B --> Figure 1.C The authors repeatedly use 'Theorem', 'Lemma' and 'Corollary' even when these words do not have any specific theorem or lemma number. The reviewer believes that 'theorem', 'lemma' and 'corollary' would be more appropriate in such cases.