--------Added after refuting the authors-------- 
|Rk| <= kappa |Xk - X_{k+1}| is clearly proven in "Scalable nonconvex inexact proximal splitting", Subrata Sre, NIPS'12. (Lemma 4) 
--------End-------- 
A popular method for reducing the trace norm regularized risk is the proximal gradient algorithm. The sublinear global convergence rate of this algorithm is well understood, but it is also known that the rate will be linear if the loss is additionally strongly convex. This paper relaxes the assumption of strong convexity by following the framework established by Luo and Seng. In particular, the authors have proven a local error bound that allows them to show that the proximal gradient for trace norm regularization asymptotically converges at a linear rate. The paper follows a fairly general pattern for proving the local error bound, with a new observation that allows for the simultaneous diagonalization of matrices. 
Quality: 
This paper seems technically sound. The only gap I can think of is the appendix, line 085. Please explain why this choice of kappa3 (assuming alpha < 1) leads to the inequality R(X^k) <= kappa3 |X^k - X^{k+1}|_F? 
Clarity: 
I could follow the paper without much difficulty. Although due to the technical nature, it might be a good idea to state the main claims first and then go into the details one by one. In particular, after mentioning the local error bound, the authors might want to postpone the very technical proof of the local error bound but immediately go to proving the linear rate (which, incidentally, is nothing new in this). 
Originality: 
The originality of this paper is moderate. The observation that allows the authors to diagonalize matrices simultaneously seems new and interesting; moreover, the authors roughly follow the existing method for establishing the local error bound. The rest of the steps are not new. 
Significance: 
The significance of this paper is mainly in theory, although it has a slight impact on algorithm design. Although extending the linear convergence rate of the proximal gradient algorithm to more practical situations (i.e., a relaxed form of strong convexity) is certainly great, the significance is diminished due to the asymptotic nature of the proof (and the claim). The way the authors handle the diagonalization of matrices may be of some independent interest. This work has proven that the proximal gradient algorithm, when applied for trace norm regularization, asymptotically converges at a linear rate (under a relaxed form of strong convexity). The authors mostly follow a framework established by Luo and Seng, with a new observation that allows them to diagonalize matrices (simultaneously) so that (roughly) reduces the vector field. Overall, this work is increasing and is reasonably interesting from a theoretical point of view.