This paper is about computing high-order statistics measured over a pair of observations, where the observations themselves are distributed in a network of nodes. These U-statistics include several quantities of interest such as sample variance, correlation, and scatter coefficients, and other aggregate measures. The main goal of this paper is to propose a gossip-style decentralized aggregation/averaging algorithm for computing these statistics.

Overall, this is a good contribution to the literature on gossip algorithms, but the authors should make better connections to existing approaches and ideas.

This is a "heavy" review. I did not have time to verify the accuracy of the material in the supplement.

Comments:

1) The main trick on the algorithm's side is that when two nodes exchange their predicted values and take their average, they also swap a secondary state variable representing their initial observation. This means that the initial observations are each making a random move (although paired). This would help to mention more clearly in the main manuscript and would also motivate the analysis method through several copies of the graph.
2) There has been a lot of work on gossip approaches to computing statistics beyond the references cited by the authors. A snapshot of the state of the art a few years ago is Dimakis et al. प्रोक. IEEI paper. Putting the current work in relation to the works mentioned there may be more helpful than some superficial explanations in the current manuscript.
3) It may be appropriate to clarify on page 4 what the inspired distribution on the edges is from the "node wakes up, contacts a neighbor" process. The phrase "drawing a random edge of the network" does not specify the distribution.
4) A natural other approach to this problem is to allow more memory at each node and essentially use the same contact process to fill each node with its value in the network. Nodes store the observations that they receive (the tagged with the node that was initially). Each time, the nodes can compute the U statistic on the subset of data they have. How will this compare to the current method? It may help to show why averaging may be helpful, or show a loss in performance when memory is limited at each node. Without this comparison, it is not clear whether the rate 1/t is good or bad. The flood method may be quite good for expanders.
5) The authors should take a look at the work on lifting construction to speed up the gossip algorithm, as it seems quite related to their construction in this paper. See for example:

K. Jung, D. Shah, and J. Shin, "Fast Gossip via Lifted Markov Chains," प्रोक. IEEI paper. com, Control and Comp on the Altan Conference, Urbana-Champaign, IL, September 2007. W. Lee and H. Dai, "Location-Assisted Fast Distributed Consensus," 2010 in IEEI Transactions on Information Theory 56 (12). F. Chen, L. Lovaz, and I. Pak, "Raising Markov Chains to Speed Up Mixing," Proceedings of the Thirty-First Annual ACM Conference on Computer Theory. ACM, 1999, pp. 275-281.
6) The analysis of the gossip algorithm leads to the notion of worst-case scenarios on the initial data distribution. That is, the guarantee is on all initial data vectors $X$. This is not clear in the problem statement in the statement of the theorem. What is the assumption on the data distribution and what is the guarantee on the error as a function of the initial data?

Small points - P1: (S \ T) \ cup (T \ S) refers to the directed graph using the bidirectional definition. - P4: "Let us emphasize that" --> "Let us emphasize that" - P4: "Wakes up and contacts" --> "Wakes up and contacts" - P6: "Needs to start" --> "Needs to start" - P7: "Allows to create" --> "Allows us to create"

After the author's response: I think the explanations and revisions suggested by the authors are good. I am revising my initial score of 7 to 8.
I think they should still keep a close eye on lifting construction (especially LADA) and revise the related work.
In addition, the experiments should include baseline comparisons.
This is a well-presented, promising approach to extending gossip methods for computing more complex statistics in distributed settings such as sensor networks. The mathematical formulation and connection to prior work are a bit unclear. Assuming that the authors make a good revision and address the comments raised in this review, I recommend accepting this paper.