The authors examine the phenomenon of people asking questions, where the answers are K-ary. They define a manually constructed PCFG for a "warship" domain, which contains hidden colored shapes in a partially observable grid (i.e., some tiles are revealed as being part of a specific color of the ship or as being empty). The agent's task is to ask a question that provides as much information as possible about the state of the board, answering with a single word. The PCFG acts as a prior knowledge base for the questions, which was defined as a statement of the lambda calculus. The goodness of the questions was defined as a linear function of its informativeness (obtaining expected information), its complexity (in terms of its length or the probability of a negative log of the rules rewritten by the PCFG under a uniform distribution), and the "answer type" (e.g., whether it answers as true/false or color). The human data was taken from a previously published paper and hand-coded into their grammar. The authors compared flawed versions of the model through live one-out cross-validations and found that all factors contributed a non-negligible amount (although complexity was clearly the most important). Finally, they presented a series of new questions.

Question-asking is an important area within linguistics and hypothesis testing. The authors provide an innovative perspective by combining modern linguistic and cognitive theories on how people ask questions, which is likely to encourage new research in the active learning literature with more sophisticated question-asking models. The paper is very clear and well-written. The model is properly evaluated from both quantitative and qualitative perspectives.

From the perspective of a computational cognitive scientist, this paper advances the field of self-directed learning. Previous work has shown that the informativeness of questions was a poor predictor of people's ability to ask questions. This follow-up paper solves part of why this is the case (it may be secondary to complexity and possibly due to the size of the possible questions available for the model). Thus, this paper contributes to the cognitive science literature, which may be sufficient for its publication in NIPS.

However, their method has serious limitations, which I see as limiting its appeal to more general NIPS audiences. Although it may be possible to automate people's question-asking text into statements with some semantic reasoning, it is unclear how this method can extend or broaden to areas of interest in the larger community. The warship domain is small with a few different features, and their method is already computationally demanding. Nevertheless, the concepts are sufficiently interesting (active learning with richer questions) to be of interest, although the authors may need to create a clearer situation of interest to the larger community where their technique can be applied and provide new insights.

Small comments:
1) It may not reveal much, but I think you can compare the flawed models with LLs and a nested model and get a test of statistical significance.
2) In the future, for consistent question-asking, there are other models in the literature of formal semantics and the linguistics of question-asking in practical domains. Much work comes from questions under the discussion literature. I have listed a few references as pointers to this literature.
Ginzburg, J. (1995). Resolving questions, part I. Linguistics and Philosophy, 18(5), 459-527.
Rojas-Esponda, T. (2013). The roadsigns of communication. Proceedings of Semdial (DialDam), 17, 131-139.