This paper presents a cognitive model aimed at predicting when certain questions will be asked in a specific context (state of belief). Under this model, the normalized log probability of a question is defined as a weighted sum of informativeness (expected information gain), complexity (roughly, the length of the question), the nature of the answer, and "relevance" (whether the question refers to the state of belief or simply to non-worldly logical information). This model is applied in the Battleship Domain, where the task is to determine how many ships (clusters of grid elements) are located within a grid. The complete model, including all the features mentioned above, did better at predicting retained human data (in terms of log-likelihood) than less feature-rich flawed versions (in terms of log-probability). The model that did not consider EIG, in relation to human judgment, performed as well as the complete model.

The paper appears to be technically sound in general.

I think it is more successful as an AI project than a cognitive science project. The paper states that "we find that our model predicts what questions people will ask" and "from a CogSci perspective, our results show how people balance informativeness and complexity." However, I am not sure we can learn much about these topics. In the Battleship Domain, it seems that people are either slightly influenced by EIG (if we believe the log-probability result, which has a 19% probability of being wrong according to the bootstrap estimate) or not at all (if we believe the correlation result, which is quite noisy due to scattered human data). I don't think these results help us draw much conclusions about how people generally balance these topics.

The paper is well-written and clear. I would probably be able to reproduce the results.

The paper lacks some previous work. One of the paper's apparent innovations is "modeling questions as programs that, when executed on potential world states, produce an answer output." This is similar to the "goal" concept used by Hawkins in 2015 ("Why do you ask? Good questions generate informative answers"), and is based on the Question-Under-Discussion (QUD) concept introduced by Roberts in 1996 ("Information structure in discourse: Towards an integrated formal theory of pragmatics"). Hawkins' questioner model also uses expected information gain and exchanges it with the complexity of the question, but it is applied in a much simpler domain.

I think this type of model (which prioritizes a constructive prior over questions and selects based on EIG and other factors) has a lot of meaning as a component for cognitive and AI models, and I hope it will be used more in the future. I see the main contribution of this paper as being able to create interesting constructive questions for a non-trivial domain using this method.