This paper presents an exploration of the connection between part-of-speech tags and word embeddings. Specifically, the authors use word embeddings to draw some interesting (if not somewhat straightforward) conclusions about the consistency of PoS tags and the clear connection of word vector representations to PoS. The detailed error analysis (outliers of classification) is definitely a strong point of this paper.
However, the paper seems to be missing a critical main point: the reason that corpora such as the BNC were PoS tagged in the first place. Unlike a purely linguistic exploration of morphosyntactic categories (which are underlined by a semantic prototype theory – e.g., see Croft, 1991), these corpora were created and tagged to facilitate further NLP tasks, mostly parsing. The whole discussion could then be reframed as whether the distinctions made by the distributional vectors are more beneficial to parsing as compared to the original tags (or UPOS, for that matter). 
Also, this paper is missing a lot of related work in the context of distributional PoS induction. I recommend starting with the review Christodoulopoulos et al. (2010) and adding some more recent non-DNN work including Blunsom and Cohn (2011), Yatbaz et al. (2012), etc. In light of this body of work, the results of section 5 are barely novel (there are systems with more restrictions in terms of their external knowledge that achieve comparable results).
Specific issues
In the abstract, one of the contributed results is that “distributional vectors do contain information about PoS affiliation.” Unless I’m misunderstanding the sentence, this is hardly a new result, especially for English: every distributionally-based PoS induction system in the past 15 years that presents “many-to-one” or “cluster purity” numbers shows the same result.
The assertion in lines 79-80 (“relations between… vectors… are mostly semantic”) is not correct: the Mikolov et al. (2013) paper (and subsequent work) shows that there is a lot of syntactic information in these vectors. Also see previous comment about cluster purity scores. In fact, you revert that statement in the beginning of section 2 (lines 107-108).
Why move to UPOS? Surely the fine-grained distinctions of the original tagset are more interesting.
I do not understand footnote 3. Were these failed attempts performed by you or other works? Under what criteria did they fail? What about Brown cluster vectors? They almost perfectly align with UPOS tags.
Is the observation that “proper nouns are not much similar to common nouns” (lines 331-332) that interesting? Doesn't the existence of “the” (the most frequent function word) almost singlehandedly explain this difference?
While I understand the practical reasons for analysing the most frequent word/tag pairs, it would be interesting to see what happens in the tail, both in terms of the vectors and also for the types of errors the classifier makes. You could then try to imagine alternatives to pure distributional (and morphological – since you’re lemmatizing) features that would allow better generalizations of the PoS tags to these low-frequency words.
Minor issues
Change the sentential references to \newcite{}: e.g., “Mikolov et al. (2013b) showed” 

---

This paper explores the relationship between part-of-speech (PoS) tags and word embeddings. The authors utilize word embeddings to reach interesting, though perhaps not entirely novel, conclusions about the consistency of PoS tags and the correlation between word vector representations and PoS. A significant strength of this paper is the detailed error analysis, focusing on classification outliers.
However, the paper appears to overlook a key consideration: the original purpose of PoS tagging in corpora like the BNC. These corpora weren’t created for purely linguistic investigations of morphosyntactic categories (as underscored by semantic prototype theory – e.g., Croft, 1991), but rather to facilitate downstream NLP tasks, primarily parsing. The discussion could be strengthened by reframing it around whether the distinctions derived from distributional vectors are more beneficial for parsing than the original tags (or UPOS).
Furthermore, the paper lacks a comprehensive review of related work in distributional PoS induction. I recommend beginning with the review by Christodoulopoulos et al. (2010) and including more recent non-DNN approaches like those by Blunsom and Cohn (2011) and Yatbaz et al. (2012). Given this body of work, the results presented in section 5 offer limited novelty, as systems with more constrained external knowledge achieve comparable performance.
Specific concerns:
The abstract states that “distributional vectors do contain information about PoS affiliation.” This seems to be a well-established finding, particularly in English, and isn’t particularly novel – most distributionally-based PoS induction systems over the last 15 years demonstrating “many-to-one” or “cluster purity” results have shown this.
The assertion on lines 79-80 (“relations between… vectors… are mostly semantic”) is inaccurate; Mikolov et al. (2013) and subsequent research demonstrate substantial syntactic information within these vectors. This also contradicts the statement made at the beginning of section 2 (lines 107-108).
The motivation for converting to UPOS is unclear. The finer-grained distinctions of the original tagset are arguably more informative.
Footnote 3 is unclear. Were these failed attempts conducted by the authors or other researchers? What criteria defined these failures? What about Brown cluster vectors, which align very well with UPOS tags?
The observation that “proper nouns are not much similar to common nouns” (lines 331-332) feels somewhat unremarkable. Doesn’t the presence of “the” – the most frequent function word – largely account for this difference?
While analyzing the most frequent word/tag pairs is practical, exploring the “tail” of the distribution – both in terms of vector characteristics and classifier errors – would be insightful. This could lead to considering alternatives to purely distributional (and morphological, given lemmatization) features to improve PoS tag generalization for low-frequency words.
Minor points:
Please use \newcite{} for sentential references, e.g., “Mikolov et al. (2013b) showed.”
