This paper presents an exploration of the connection between part-of-speech tags and word embeddings. Specifically, the authors use word embeddings to draw some interesting, though somewhat straightforward, conclusions about the consistency of PoS tags and the clear connection of word vector representations to PoS. The detailed error analysis – focusing on outliers of classification – is a definite strength of this paper.

However, the paper appears to overlook a critical foundational point: the original purpose behind PoS tagging corpora such as the BNC. Unlike a purely linguistic exploration of morphosyntactic categories (underlined by a semantic prototype theory – e.g., see Croft, 1991), these corpora were created and tagged to facilitate further NLP tasks, primarily parsing. Consequently, the discussion could be reframed as an evaluation of whether the distinctions captured by distributional vectors are more beneficial to parsing than the original tags, or even UPOS for that matter. 

Furthermore, the paper lacks a comprehensive review of related work in the context of distributional PoS induction. I recommend beginning with the review by Christodoulopoulos et al. (2010) and incorporating more recent non-DNN work, including Blunsom and Cohn (2011) and Yatbaz et al. (2012). Considering this existing body of work, the results presented in section 5 are barely novel; systems with more restrictions in terms of external knowledge achieve comparable performance.

Specific issues:

In the abstract, the claimed result that “distributional vectors do contain information about PoS affiliation” is not particularly new, especially for English. Any distributional-based PoS induction system over the past 15 years that reports “many-to-one” or “cluster purity” metrics demonstrates this same result.

The assertion in lines 79-80 (“relations between… vectors… are mostly semantic”) is inaccurate. The work of Mikolov et al. (and subsequent research) demonstrates that significant syntactic information is also present in these vectors. This is further supported by the aforementioned cluster purity scores. In fact, the authors appear to contradict this statement at the beginning of section 2 (lines 107-108).

I question the move to UPOS. The finer-grained distinctions of the original tagset are arguably more informative.

I do not understand footnote 3. Were the failed attempts described performed by the authors, or by other works? What were the criteria for failure? What about Brown cluster vectors, which almost perfectly align with UPOS tags?

Is the observation that “proper nouns are not much similar to common nouns” (lines 331-332) particularly insightful? Doesn't the high frequency of “the” (the most frequent function word) largely account for this difference?

While I understand the practical reasons for analyzing the most frequent word/tag pairs, examining the tail of the distribution – both in terms of vectors and classifier errors – would be valuable. The authors could then explore alternative features beyond purely distributional (and morphological, given the lemmatization) information to potentially improve generalization to these low-frequency words.

Minor issues:

Consistently use \newcite{} for sentential references; for example, change “Mikolov et al. (2013b) showed” to use the \newcite{} command.



