This paper proposes a version of CMA-ES with "optimal covariance update and storage complexity." The authors argue that the proposed change does not alter the algorithm's behavior, but rather makes it cheaper to run. The proposed method is called Cholesky-CMA-ES, and it is misleading, as this name was first used by T. Suttorp et al. in 2009 for a similar algorithm, and it is well-known. The authors do not mention this problem; instead, they present their version as "our CMA-ES version, Cholesky-CMA-ES." The proposed method is a incremental modification of the work of Krause et al. in 2015. More specifically, the only algorithmic contribution is calling rankOneUpdate (which is also in Krause et al.'s work) not once, but in a loop for all individuals. Experimentally, there is a difference in the Cigar function in Figure b): the observed plateau for CMA-ES-Ref and Cholesky-CMA-ES has different objective function values. This may be due to the way the authors plotted the intermediate results. The proposed method should be compared with Suttorp's Cholesky-CMA-ES (experimentally) and Krause's Cholesky-CMA-ES (algorithmically). The claim about "optimal covariance update and storage complexity" is somewhat misleading. When we consider the Sphere function where we do not need a covariance matrix, it is not optimal; in the divisive function, we can only work with the diagonal. The proposed method is only twice as cheap as Suttorp's omitted Cholesky CMA-ES. This paper claims that the latter is prone to numerical instability, but the original paper proposed the opposite. Again, its omission in Figure 3 may confuse the reader about the paper's actual contribution. I do not think that the proposed method changes anything for CMA-ES in the case of large-scale optimization, as the complexity is still quadratic. However, I admit that the proposed change may be best for saving time and memory when considering a complete covariance matrix. Overall, I think the work is not very incremental (algorithmically, it is just a "for" loop). I propose the following changes: a) Solve the naming problem; b) Run tests with versions of Suttorp et al. and Krause et al. and update all 3 figures. If they become unreadable, show only the best-performing version in the main text and show the complete figures in the supplementary material; c) Explain better that the main algorithmic contribution is the "for" loop of Algorithm 1 or explain why it should be considered wrong. Small note: "Generally, an eigenvalue decomposition of the covariance matrix is done at each update step." This is unusual, i.e., it is done sequentially in all correct implementations.