This paper describes a modification of the recurrent neural network model's output layer that enables the model to learn the parameters from both gold and projected annotations in a low-resource language. The traditional SoftMax output layer, which defines a distribution over the possible labels, is multiplied by another fully connected layer that models the noise generation process, resulting in another output layer representing a distribution over the noisy labels.

Overall, this is a robust presentation. The proposed method is suitable, simple, and elegant. The paper showed good results on POS tagging for eight simulated low-resource languages and two real low-resource languages, using a small set of gold annotations for training and a larger set of cross-linguistically projected annotations. The method is sufficiently modular that researchers working on various NLP problems in low-resource situations can use it.

From a practical perspective, the experimental setup is unusual. Although I can think of some situations where a POS tagger needs to be created with 1000 token annotations (e.g., evaluation in some DARPA-sponsored research projects), it is quite rare. A better empirical validation of the proposed method would have been to plot the tagging accuracy of the proposed method (and the baseline) while varying the size of the gold annotations. This plot would help answer the following questions: if we use this method with a large number of gold annotations, does it affect the performance of a target language? What is the approximate amount of gold annotations below which this method is beneficial? Does the answer depend on the target language?

In addition to cross-linguistic projection, noisy labels can be obtained from other sources (e.g., crowd sourcing) and in a different tag set than gold annotations. Although the additional potential impact is exciting, the paper only shows the results of cross-linguistic projection with the same tag set.

It is surprising that the proposed training objective gives equal weight to gold versus noisy labels. Since the setup assumes the availability of a small gold-annotated corpus, it would have been informative to know whether it is beneficial to tune the contribution of the two terms in the objective function.

In line 357, the paper describes the projected data as pairs of word tokens (x_t) and their vector representation \tilde{y}, but does not explicitly state what the vector representation looks like (e.g., a distribution over cross-linguistically projected POS tags for this word type). A natural question to ask here is, if we create \tilde{y} using projected POS tags at the token level (rather than aggregating all predictions for the same word type), would this method still work? Also, since only one-to-one word alignment is preserved, it is not clear how to create \tilde{y} for words that are never aligned.

Line 267, replace the two parentheses with one open parenthesis.