This paper was submitted to arXiv last week:

The paper presents a new, public dataset and task for goal-oriented dialogue applications. The dataset and task are artificially generated using rule-based programs in such a way that various aspects of the dialogue system's performance can be evaluated, from issuing API calls to displaying options, as well as the entire dialogue system.

This is a welcome contribution to the dialogue literature, which will help facilitate future research in developing and understanding dialogue systems. However, there are some drawbacks to adopting this approach. First, it is not clear how suitable deep learning models are for these tasks compared to traditional methods (rule-based systems or shallow models), as deep learning models require multiple training examples, and therefore the difference in performance between different neural networks may only be limited to regularization techniques. Tasks 1-5 are also purely deterministic, meaning that evaluating performance on these tasks will not assess the model's ability to handle noisy and ambiguous conversations (for example, predicting the delivery of a message on user goals, or executing dialogue repair strategies), which is a very important aspect in dialogue applications. Overall, I believe this is still an interesting direction to explore.

As discussed in the comments below, the paper does not have a baseline model with word order information. I think this is a major weakness of the paper, as it shows the neural network as inappropriately strong, yet simple baselines can be much more competitive (or better) than the proposed neural network. To maintain a fair evaluation and properly assess the representativeness learning power for this task, I think it is important for the authors to experiment with an additional non-neural network benchmark model that takes word order information into account. This will more concretely demonstrate the usefulness of deep learning models for this task. For example, one could experiment with a logistic regression model that takes as input: 1) word embedding (similar to supervised embedding models), 2) bi-gram features, and 3) match-type features. If such a basis is included, I would increase my rating to 8.

One final minor comment: In conclusion, the paper states that "there are no well-defined measures of performance in existing work." This is not really true. End-to-end trainable models for goal-oriented dialogue have well-defined performance measures. For example, see "A network-based end-to-end trained goal-oriented dialogue system" by Wen et al. On the other hand, non-goal-oriented dialogue is generally difficult to evaluate, but these can also be evaluated given human subjects. In fact, this is what Liu et al. (2016) do for Twitter. Also see "Strategy and Policy Learning for Non-Goal-Oriented Interactive Systems" by Yu et al.

----
I have updated my score after the new results added to the paper.