This paper proposes a new formula for consistent risk estimation, from which the policy gradient can be analytically determined for many common risk measurements. It also presents a general sample-based algorithm in cases where no analytical solution is available, ensuring consistency of policy gradient estimation. Finally, this paper provides an expression for the policy gradient for Markov-consistent dynamic risk estimation.

Importance and Quality:
The integrated derivation of the policy gradient for consistent risk estimation is intriguing and a valuable and new contribution to the risk-sensitive decision-making literature. Nevertheless, analytical solutions for Lagrangian saddle-points are only available for some risk measurements.

The proposed sample-based estimation method may allow us to apply the results obtained for general consistent risk estimation without creating an analytical form of the saddle point. However, this paper does not provide any empirical evidence that the proposed estimation method is actually effective. An experimental comparison of sample-based policy gradients and analytical gradients in various problems, such as CVaR, would be extremely helpful.

Originality: To my knowledge, policy gradients are new – in this general form.

Clarity: The paper is generally well-written, but I believe that the clarity of the original paper is significantly hampered by the various problems attempted to be solved in eight pages. In particular, the policy gradients of dynamic risk are presented at a very high level in section 5, and the reader cannot understand whether the presented effective method creates policy gradients due to the lack of any algorithm details and experimental evaluation. I think this content is suitable for a long journal publication. An alternative that I find beneficial is to divide this paper and focus on consistent risk estimation, which would make the paper more distinctive and provide a more detailed and more extensive experimental evaluation in addition to the very basic examples in the current submission. An interesting paper where there is a possibility of obtaining generally applicable results, but it is difficult to judge due to the lack of extensive experimental evaluation. Also, a narrower focus to improve the lack of clarity due to space limitations may be more appropriate.