In the current paper, the authors have obtained a spectral analysis of the Kupman operator in the reconstruction of kernel Hilbert spaces and have developed an algorithm to perform this analysis based on measurement data from a dynamic system. The Kupman operator is a concept from fluid dynamics, and the authors imply that it is relevant to machine learning. The authors demonstrated the algorithm and analysis using two simple dynamic systems, a damped linear 1D dynamics and an chaotic map. They also applied their method to real-world locomotion data and compared the performance with standard dynamic mode decomposition, PCA, and kernel PCA, yielding some ambiguous results. The paper achieves an interesting extension of dynamic mode decomposition, somewhat along the lines of older work on "kernel" techniques prepared in the context of linear operators (such as kernel PCA, kernel ICA, kernel independence tests, GP bandits, etc.). The authors provided some experimental results largely on artificial problems. The paper is written clearly overall and has educational value for those unfamiliar with the concepts used in fluid dynamics. I generally support work that introduces machine learners to techniques in various subjects. Here, it seems to be a decomposition technique for tasks from M to M, used to construct a dynamic system (without any stochastic components). I am personally not familiar with the use of such setups in machine learning (usually, people use dynamic systems where random effects play a role, such as innovation and noise), but I can make some missing points. In the present case, I think the authors need to do more work to explain the practical usefulness of these techniques to ML readers. What are the potential use cases? Can you, at least to some extent, compete with cutting-edge technology there? An ML discipline where estimation and learning in dynamic systems are important, and where a lot of work has been done, is robotics. What will Kupman analysis buy someone working in robotics? Or please choose another domain. And while the theoretical derivation is well-executed, I am not very surprised about any of them, given that I know about kernel PCA or kernel ICA, or kernel independence tests, or even follow-up work on the "kernel Bayes rule". You have a linear operator, and if the functions live in an RKS, you can do good work. You end up with algorithms that perform some kind of eigenvalue decomposition on finite-D matrices. Some details: It is not entirely clear to me whether the modal decomposition algorithm requires explicit representation in the feature space or not. If so, this is a limitation compared to kernel PCA, and the authors should clarify this further. It would also be good if the authors showed toy examples to demonstrate the difference in this simple setup and the performance of standard dynamic mode decomposition on the Henon map.