This article presents a "hybrid" deterministic-stochastic approach for first-order optimization. The algorithm combines calls to a deterministic oracle (asking for a full gradient) and a stochastic oracle (asking for a stochastic gradient). The authors show that this approach helps reduce the dependence on the condition number in the rate of convergence.

The authors present an interesting and important theoretical result. Essentially, assuming that this condition is already perfectly known (i.e., both the strong convexity and strong smoothness constants of the objective are known), and assuming that a first-order hybrid oracle (both stochastic and deterministic gradients can be asked) is available, a suitable mixture of deterministic gradient and stochastic gradient steps can be used to achieve an O(log(1/epsilon)) convergence rate for batch optimization with high probability.

However, there are several concerns with the current article. Firstly, the theoretical analysis only covers the case where the condition number is already perfectly known, and does not include what the algorithm's behavior would be if this hyper-parameter of the algorithm is incorrectly specified. Essentially, the current result suggests that the dependence on the condition number (κ) can be removed from the convergence rate of a first-order optimization algorithm when this condition number is already known to the algorithm. Perhaps, theoretical analysis in these other cases (when κ is unknown) is difficult. If so, this analysis could be done experimentally. But there is no experimental section in the article, which is the second major concern. Since the main contribution of the article is a new algorithm, I think at least some testing should be done to evaluate the theoretical results presented in the article and to study their relevance in the context of the algorithm's actual behavior in empirical data.

Detailed Comments:
The proposed algorithm (EGD) uses the update rules defined by Eq. 8 (page 4) and the so-called "mixed gradient" defined in Eq. 7. Therefore, η must be set (or assumed) as a hyper-parameter for EGD. The η set comes down to knowing the condition number κ ("Condition Number" in the article), i.e., both the "strong convexity modulus" λ and the "strong convexity modulus" L are known. As far as I understand the article, the authors do not provide any guidelines or theoretical reasoning to allow κ to be set beforehand.

So, there are two possibilities. Either this parameter must be assumed, and the corresponding assumption method is absent (only a heuristic method is sufficient, unless it is supported by numerical testing). Or, it is assumed that this parameter is known, because the main subject of the article is theoretical. However, the theoretical analysis/experimental section should include those cases where this hyper-parameter is incorrectly specified. This means studying the convergence rate in those cases where the hyper-parameter is set too large or too small.

Although popular in theoretical analysis, and realistic in many situations, the strongly convex field can be very limited, and other settings (non-strongly convex) are more attractive. In particular, the non-strongly convex field is also important, as it is shown in several situations. For theoretical analysis of different behaviors depending on different fields, see Bach & Moulines, 2011 (Convex vs. Strongly Convex).

There are some other concerns. It is not a new concept to mix deterministic gradient steps and stochastic gradient steps in a first-order optimization algorithm. In fact, the algorithm presented in the article is not written in this way, i.e., in the alternation of deterministic gradient steps and stochastic gradient steps, with different frequencies for each type of step. It is written as a "mixed" update per iteration (within an epoch), and then a gradient-like update step. It would be interesting to discuss how the proposed algorithm relates to and compares with similar-following algorithms, where deterministic gradient steps and stochastic gradient steps are interconnected (at least in the "unrestricted" case).

The authors do not review a line of related work, such as the so-called hybrid deterministic-stochastic optimization algorithm; see [Hybrid Deterministic-Stochastic Method for Data Fitting. M. Friedlander, M. Smith. SIAM, 2012]. It would be worth discussing and comparing the convergence rate here. Also see the above reference for a review of older work on that subject.

Finally, a thorough experimental study would be a valuable addition to the article, which would include a detailed comparison with regular SGDs, average SGDs, and recent proposals (SAG, etc.) for stochastic first-order optimization.

Another small concern is that the optimization settings considered in the article are not clearly specified. The purpose of the article is to get the best of both worlds (deterministic optimization and stochastic optimization), i.e., the exponential rate of convergence from the deterministic world and the dependence on the condition number from the stochastic world. The authors do not clearly state what they want to solve: the deterministic optimization problem [Minw F(w)=1/n \sum{i=1}^n Fi(w)] with a "stochastic" (or more accurately, "randomized") algorithm, or the stochastic approximation problem [Minw E(F(w))]? Note that both SAG and SDCA are randomized algorithms for solving the deterministic optimization problem [Minw F(w)=1/n \sum{i=1}^n F_i(w)]. The theoretical setup mentioned in section 3.1 on this subject is misleading, and no claim made later in the article clarifies which settings are considered. This can be easily resolved.

The authors present an interesting and important theoretical result. Essentially, assuming that this condition is already known (i.e., both the strong convexity and strong smoothness constants of the objective are known), and assuming that a first-order hybrid oracle (both stochastic and deterministic gradients can be asked) is available, a suitable mixture of deterministic gradient and stochastic gradient steps can be used to achieve an O(log(1/epsilon)) convergence rate for batch optimization with high probability. However, there are several concerns with the current article. Firstly, the theoretical analysis only covers the case where the condition number is already perfectly known. The behavior of the algorithm is not discussed if this hyper-parameter of the algorithm is incorrectly specified. Essentially, the current result suggests that the dependence on the condition number (κ) can be removed from the convergence rate of a first-order optimization algorithm when this condition number is already known to the algorithm. Perhaps, theoretical analysis in these other cases (when κ is unknown) is difficult. If so, this analysis could be done experimentally. But there is no experimental section in the article, which is the second major concern. Since the main contribution of the article is a new algorithm, I think at least some testing should be done to evaluate the theoretical results presented in the article and to study their relevance in the context of the algorithm's actual behavior in empirical data.