Here, the score has been revised from 6->7.

This paper presents an approach to hierarchical RL using stochastic neural networks. It proposes the idea of using the information-theoretical measure of alternative recognition as an additional reward for learning a diverse mix of sub-policies. A key finding of this paper is a comparison with a strong baseline, which directly combines the intrinsic reward and the scattered reward, and shows that this smooth reward cannot solve the tasks. Along with the authors' arguments about the disadvantages of long-term credit determination/benefits from hierarchical abstraction, a possible explanation could be the requirement of diversity imposed on sub-policy training, which is assumed to be absent in the baseline case. Consider whether this could suggest improvements in new end-to-end hierarchical policy learning such as baseline and hierarchical reps/option-critics, etc. Excellent visualization.

This paper presents a promising direction and can be further strengthened by solving the following problems:

1) Limited diversification of sub-policies: Both concatenation and bilinear integration allow for slight differences in sub-policies through the first hidden layer, which is not a problem in tested tasks because they mainly require slight diversification with the same locomotion policies, but this type of limitation may be more pronounced in other tasks where the ideal sub-policies are more diverse. Therefore, it is interesting to apply it in difficult, non-locomotion domains where the ideal sub-policies are not very similar, such as for manipulation, where solving some tasks from one state may be very different from solving them from another state.

2) Limitations of hierarchical policies: The manager network is trained when the sub-policies are fixed. Furthermore, the time steps for the sub-policies are fixed. For this, the "intrinsic" reward and their learned sub-policies must be very good for solving down-stream tasks. It would be good to see some more discussions/results on managing such situations, which are ideally connected with end-to-end hierarchical policy learning.

3) Intrinsic/non-theoretical rewards seem like domain-specific/theoretical rewards: (2) Due to this, it seems unavoidable.

Sorry for some last-minute questions. Why does the strong baseline perform very poorly and cannot solve the task of section 7.3? "Com গোলকধাঁধা পুরস্কার" assuming this baseline. Does the baseline also consider the additional experience of pre-trained policies? What is multi-policy compared to snn?

In Figure 1, (1) Does concatenation mean that you have a different bias based on the hierarchical values towards your first hidden layer, and (2) Does bilinear integration mean that you have a different weight matrix that connects the observation to your first hidden layer?