This paper presents a "hybrid" deterministic-stochastic approach for first-order optimization. The algorithm combines calls to a deterministic oracle ( querying full gradient) and a stochastic oracle (querying stochastic gradient). The authors show that this approach helps reduce the dependence on the condition number in the rate of convergence.

The authors present an interesting and significant theoretical result. Essentially, assuming the condition number is already perfectly known (i.e., both the strong convexity and strong smoothness constants of the objective are known), and assuming a first-order hybrid oracle (both stochastic and deterministic gradients can be queried) is available, then by using an appropriate mixture of deterministic gradient and stochastic gradient steps, an O(log(1/epsilon)) convergence rate can be achieved for batch optimization with high probability.

However, there are several concerns with the current article. Firstly, the theoretical analysis only covers the case where the condition number is perfectly known beforehand, and does not include what the algorithm's behavior would be if this hyper-parameter of the algorithm is incorrectly specified. Essentially, the current result suggests that the dependence on the condition number (kappa) can be removed from the convergence rate of a first-order optimization algorithm when this condition number is already known to the algorithm. Perhaps, theoretical analysis in these other cases (when kappa is unknown) is difficult. If so, this analysis could have been done experimentally. But the article does not have any experimental section, which is the second major concern. Since the main contribution of the article is a new algorithm, I think at least some experiments should be done to evaluate the theoretical results presented in the article and to study their relevance in the context of the algorithm's actual behavior in empirical data.

Detailed Comments:
The proposed algorithm (EGD) uses the update rules defined by Eq. 8 (page 4) and the so-called "mixed gradient" defined in Eq. 7. Therefore, η needs to be set (or assumed) as a hyper-parameter for EGD. Setting η comes down to knowing the condition number κ ("Conditional Number" in the article), i.e., both the "strong convexity modulus" λ and the "strong convexity modulus" L are known. As far as I understand the article, the authors do not provide any guidelines or theoretical reasoning to allow κ to be set beforehand.

So, there are two possibilities. Either this parameter needs to be assumed, and the corresponding assumption method is absent (just a heuristic method will do, as long as it is supported by numerical testing). Or, it is assumed that this parameter is known, because the main subject of the article is theoretical. However, the theoretical analysis/experimental section should include those cases where this hyper-parameter is incorrectly specified. This means studying the convergence rate in those cases where the hyper-parameter is set too large or too small.

Although popular in theoretical analysis, and realistic in many situations, the smooth and strongly convex field can be very limited, and other settings (non-strongly convex) are also interesting. In particular, the non-strongly convex field is also important, as it appears in several situations. For theoretical analysis of different behaviors depending on different fields, see Bach & Moulines, 2011 (Convex vs. Strongly Convex).

There are some other concerns. Mixing deterministic gradient steps and stochastic gradient steps in a first-order optimization algorithm is not a new concept. In fact, the algorithm presented in the article is not written in this way, i.e., in the alternation of deterministic gradient steps and stochastic gradient steps, with different frequencies for each type of step. It is written as a "mixed" update per iteration (within an epoch), and then a gradient-like update step. It would be interesting to discuss how the proposed algorithm relates to and compares with similar-following algorithms, where deterministic gradient steps and stochastic gradient steps are interconnected (at least in the "unrestricted" case).

The authors do not review a line of related work, such as the so-called hybrid deterministic-stochastic optimization algorithm; see [Hybrid Deterministic-Stochastic Method for Data Fitting. M. Friedlander, M. Smith. SIAM, 2012]. It would be worth discussing and comparing the convergence rate here. See also the above reference for a review of older work on that subject.

Finally, a thorough experimental study would be a valuable addition to the article, including a detailed comparison with regular SGD, average SGD, and recent proposals for stochastic first-order optimization (SAG, etc.).

Another small concern is that the optimization settings considered in the article are not clearly specified. The purpose of the article is to get the best of both worlds (deterministic optimization and stochastic optimization), i.e., the exponential rate of convergence from the deterministic world and the dependence on the condition number from the stochastic world. The authors do not clearly state what they want to solve: the deterministic optimization problem [Minw F(w)=1/n \sum{i=1}^n Fi(w)] with a "stochastic" (or more accurately, "randomized") algorithm, or the stochastic approximation problem [Minw E(F(w))]? Note that both SAG and SDCA are randomized algorithms for solving the deterministic optimization problem [Minw F(w)=1/n \sum{i=1}^n F_i(w)]. The theoretical setup mentioned in section 3.1 is confusing in this regard, and no claim made later in the article clarifies which settings are considered. This can be easily resolved.

The authors present an interesting and significant theoretical result. Essentially, assuming the condition number is already known (i.e., both the strong convexity and strong smoothness constants of the objective are known), and assuming a first-order hybrid oracle (both stochastic and deterministic gradients can be queried) is available, then by using an appropriate mixture of deterministic gradient and stochastic gradient steps, an O(log(1/epsilon)) convergence rate can be achieved for batch optimization with high probability. However, there are several concerns with the current article. Firstly, the theoretical analysis only covers the case where the condition number is perfectly known beforehand. The behavior of the algorithm when this hyper-parameter of the algorithm is incorrectly specified is not discussed. Essentially, the current result suggests that the dependence on the condition number (kappa) can be removed from the convergence rate of a first-order optimization algorithm when this condition number is already known to the algorithm. Perhaps, theoretical analysis in these other cases (when kappa is unknown) is difficult. If so, this analysis could have been done experimentally. But the article does not have any experimental section, which is the second major concern. Since the main contribution of the article is a new algorithm, I think at least some experiments should be done to evaluate the theoretical results presented in the article and to study their relevance in the context of the algorithm's actual behavior in empirical data.