Thank you for reading an interesting article.

This paper proposes a geometric (IG) perspective on the F-Gagn algorithm. It first shows that F-Gagn converges in parameter space via the 1-1 mapping of F-divergence and K-divergence, and the results of Bregman divergence. It then discusses a suitable way to implement F-Gagn. Finally, in the main text, it provides a fruitful result for deep neural network representation and discusses the choice of activation functions that have a 1-1 mapping with the K- or F-function. I have not examined every detail in the appendix, but I believe the proofs (except for theme 8, which I did not have time to read before) are correct.

I think this paper is very complex and contains many new results that may be of interest to machine learning and information theory. In particular, I was impressed by the presentation of theme 4, which tells the IG part of F-Gagn. So I think this paper has a clear acceptance.

However, I think this paper may be too difficult for those who do not know much about the connection between IT and IG (at least the Bregman divergence and Fenchel duality problem for the simplest exponential family). Many deep learning engineers may be such people and they are the main audience of a GAN paper. So I have some suggestions that may clarify the paper:

1. I liked figure 1 in the appendix, which talks about the connection between IT and IG in the F-Gagn context. You can remove it from the main text.
2. It may be helpful to give a clear statement of why considering the IG perspective at the beginning may be helpful. I think you can use geometry in parameter space to discuss the behavior of optimization. You briefly mentioned this on page 7, which seemed a little too late to me.
3. I am not sure I understand how section 5 is connected to F-Gagn. I think you only used distorted exponential families to explain the distribution that can represent deep neural networks, so it is not a result of F-Gagn optimization results. Yes, I agree that there is a 1-1 relationship between v, f, and K, but you did not say anything about how this result can help design the F-Gagn game, such as which F-divergence we should choose, or which F-Gagn works best for objective convergence given an activation function.
4. Why can phi_l be seen as a "deep enough statistic" for theme 6? I don't think equation (13) is in the form of a distorted exponential family?
5. As mentioned, it may be helpful to consider moving lines 257-269 to another place. Also, I think the part of utility theory is not directly related to the IG perspective, so it is better to delete that paragraph (you can put it in the appendix) and leave some space to explain your main results.
6. I think the experiments are not directly related to the main points claimed in the paper. For example, you can only discuss the results of section 5 (A), which means I do not need to know the IG perspective of F-Gagn to apply these new activation functions. Also, for (B), I only need to understand section 4, which is not very closely related to the IG perspective of F-Gagn. In particular, your results for WGAN may be misleading and confusing, since this paper is mainly about F-Gagn, and I actually spent some time finding the sentence about WGAN (lines 227-228).

In summary, although this paper provides many useful results and complex derivations, I think the material is not organized in a crystal-clear way. Instead, it seems to be just a compilation of results from multiple papers for an 8-page NIPS submission. So although I support the acceptance, I think this paper needs to be edited to make the claims clearer and more consistent.