This paper presents a hybrid approach to solving prediction problems using both a crowdsourced label and a sequential (online) trained model; the core idea is to rely more on the crowd as the system grows, learn from the labels obtained in this way, and then use the crowd as little as possible once the model is more confident. This is done through a sophisticated framing of the problem as a stochastic game based on a CRF prediction model in which both the system and the crowd are players. The system can issue one or more questions q for a token x (with the correct label y) that receive a response r, where each result has a utility U (q,r); thus, the system tries to choose the actions that will maximize the expected utility. Furthermore, the questions are not issued all at once, but over time s (with response time t); the utility is maximized with respect to t_deadline by which an answer needs to be computed (thus determining how many questions are sent, at what rate, etc.).

To calculate this expected utility, it is necessary to use the simulation dynamics model P (y,r,t|x,q,s) so that the utilities can be calculated according to (4). Given the utility values, the optimal action can be selected; however, the constant execution time makes it difficult to optimize and thus a Monte Carlo tree search and an estimate based on TD learning (algorithm 1) are used. The experiments were conducted using four methods on a simplified named entity recognition (NER) task, an emotion recognition task, and a face recognition task: a majority vote of n human judges (1,3,5), online learning (using the correct label), a "limit" baseline (the authors' model but without constant execution time, in which m questions are sent in each step until the model reduces the prediction uncertainty below a limit), and finally the authors' full model (LENSE). In terms of precision/repetition/F1, the full model performs better than the 5-vote crowdsourced version, although the "limit" baseline performs almost as well (and with less latency for NER; see Table 2). The authors also showed that the fewer crowdsourced labels required over time when the model is given a sufficiently robust model to train (see Figure 3), and the accuracy is higher than online learning from the first example (Figure 4), because the system can take more advantage of crowd expertise while the model uncertainty is still higher.

This was indeed an interesting paper, and one that I hope can generate a lot of discussion and further work as well as adoption in practice. There are many types of estimation approaches to learn from the crowd when training the system, but this is the first complete and theoretical proposal I have seen. The results against a fair baseline are impressive. Thus, I think this work is highly original and important, and in my opinion it should be included in the conference. That being said, it is not as good on the clarity front, which unfortunately could reduce the potential impact of the paper. Many of these issues could be fixed (even getting ready for the camera) if the authors were willing to put in the time and effort and perhaps adjust the tone somewhat with respect to the "limit" baseline versus the full constant execution time version.

The primary issue with clarity comes from the constant execution time, which starts in the middle of Section 3. The motivation is justified, that is, it may be necessary to work on a time (as well as cost) budget for each classification, but it has very little benefit experimentally, while the cost is that the construction and discussion (as well as the optimization process) become quite more complex.

In fact, in Table 2, it seems that the "limit" baseline achieves a significantly lower latency on the NER task, while still achieving almost the same performance (marginally worse); it actually performs better on the face ID task (although still almost the same). The authors argue (l. 314) that the baseline performs better on the second task because it is a single label prediction task and there is no significant interaction between the labels - however, the NER task, which has such interaction, only benefits marginally.

For many practical tasks, the "limit" baseline would be good enough, and it is already a significant advantage (in terms of being a theoretical hybrid learning system that performs better than active and online learning).

The paper is likely to have a greater impact if the authors had clarified it in development, that is, the core method could be fully developed (without constant execution time, and thus would be easier to understand and implement), and the addition of constant execution time could be shown as an extension.

Similarly, when discussing the results, the authors could be more explicit that the performance of the "limit" method is quite strong, even in cases where there is a sequence dependency between the tasks. This is a suggestion and not strictly necessary, because I think the paper is strong enough to be included, but I think it will improve the possibilities of understanding and adopting the paper and technique more broadly.

There are several minor issues about the results and how they are reported. First, the introduction states that the model "beats human performance" - but this is not true in the 5-vote case for NER; strangely the 5-vote case is missing for face-ID and emotion tasks in many tables and figures (Table 2, Table 3 and the right half of Figure 4) - it should actually be included. Similarly, in Table 2, the results of the 5-vote case should be bolded because they represent the best performance. The delay value for the limit in NER should also be bolded for the same reason (and the LENSE value for face ID). More importantly, the "limit" baseline is missing for the emotion experiment, and thus it does not appear in Table 3 or Figure 4 - again, it should actually be included.

Some minor comments about the method description:
 -While l.183-187 discusses t_deadline, it is not clear whether any t_deadline was used in the experiments, and what criteria were used to determine when an answer was ready to be reported - was it an entropy limit with a baseline or was it reaching some t_deadline?
 -In equation (2), it seems that the distribution should also be given a variable s (that is, p (y,r,t|x,q,s).
 -In equation 5, the use of q in F (q) is very confusing - I assumed it referred to a question q, but in reality it only represents a nominal distribution function - please choose another letter, because there are too many to choose from.
 -In the description of the limit baseline (l.246-252), I assume that the expression (1 - ptheta (yi|x))*0.3^m <= (1-0.88) (note RHS) should be >= 0.88, because increasing m will reduce uncertainty, not increase it.

This paper presents a hybrid approach to solving prediction problems using both a crowdsourced label and a sequential (online) trained model, which is beautifully presented as a stochastic game that models several aspects of data, the correct label, and crowdworker responses, including the time questions are sent and answers are received. Impressive results have been shown with respect to the "limit" baseline using several human labelers, online learning with oracle labels, and authors' models, but the dependence on constant execution time, which performs equally well, has been removed. The method is original, novel, and interesting, and thus the paper should be accepted, but there are some issues with clarity, especially with regard to constant execution time, which makes the discussion and algorithmic mechanics very complex, yet still seems to give minimal performance gains.