The paper proposes a method for training a specific type of feed-forward neural network under certain assumptions. The authors prove optimal convergence and demonstrate that their method can be applied to a selection of "real-world" problems. The problem under investigation seems interesting to me, and any theoretical progress in this direction is appreciated. However, the paper falls short in explaining why the proposed class of neural networks are useful in practice. Specifically, if the authors raise the issue of the expression of their restricted model (and they do so twice), I would recommend adding some thoughts on what can be done and what is out of reach for their approach. Furthermore, concurrent approaches should be discussed and compared. The experimental results also do not clarify the limits of the applicability of their model. While reading the experimental results, I was surprised that the authors only compare their approach with some SVMs and ignore other methods, other training methods for some neural networks, and other algorithmic paradigms. Additionally, I expected some information about the computational resources demanded by the three algorithms. The introduction is well-written, with some room for improvement in the presentation later. In particular, Section 2 is not a fluent read. There are some typos; I have collected some below. Some specific comments: While the definition of the loss function is straightforward, the function $\Phi$ is a lack of motivation: the role of the epsilon term was explained in the rebuttal, I think it should also be added to the paper. Theorem 1 should be informally explained before being stated. The statement itself is difficult to parse. Below is Theorem 1: The authors explained in the rebuttal that the very general statement that "non-linear spectral method [...] usually converges rapidly to a global maximum in a few (less than 10) iterations", given immediately after Theorem 1, stems from their experimental observations. This should be clarified. 60: Polynomial 67: A CAN model. 67: p1 and p2 are not presented. 67: R++ is not presented, which is unfortunate because there are many other variables whose definition points to that one. Thanks for clarifying this in the rebuttal, I had not seen this notation before.