Additional comments after the rebuttal:

The authors need to work much better on motivating the problem for machine learning so that the paper is accessible to a wider audience. The authors need to provide a hidden variable model (with graphical model representation) where it can learn the tensor decomposition parameters: consider a model where the hidden variable h1 is associated with the observed variables x1, h2, x2, and so on. Assume a linear model from the hidden to the observed variable and an arbitrary dependence value between hi. In this case, the observed moment is a Tucker decomposition in the tensor, and its polynomial rank is dim (h1), dim (h_2). The authors need to add this discussion and preferably provide a picture illustrating this model. The authors should also mention that it is possible that only some of the hidden variables are of smaller dimensions and others are not, which was a major advantage for the new result in the paper.

The paper considers convex-optimization based tensor decomposition using structured scatter norms for tensors. The authors use the overlap scatter norm and show how it leads to better reconstruction guarantees. The paper is well-written and makes a technically significant contribution. Correcting some technical and notational issues would make the paper even more readable.

*Clarification about Proposition 2 and its proof:
The statement of Proposition 2 is not technically correct: components are only recovered up to one rank. Although there is a minor issue, the authors need to mention it.
Proposition 2 states that (12) immediately leads to (13). This requires a justification.
The proof of Lemma 5 is missing. Lemma 5 forms an important part of Proposition 2.
It is better to clearly explain the proof of Lemma 4 instead of mentioning another paper, although it is straightforward.
*Minor issues:
More relevant work on HOSVD and other methods for tensor decomposition needs to be added:
The authors could mention how higher-order SVD and its variants generate approximation bounds for tensor decomposition. See Kolda's review on tensor decomposition (Section 4).
The notion of rank that the authors use, which they call mode-rank, is also known as polynomial rank. The authors could mention this and note that there are different notions of tensor rank in the introduction.
The authors could briefly discuss the computational complexity of the methods employed.
The authors need to clarify their discussion about inconsistency after (10). The authors use this term to say that they need "energy" spread across different mixing components and modes, i.e., there cannot be too many single values in any component or mode. The authors mention that this is similar to the inconsistency conditions of [1,3,10]. I don't see it. In [1,3,10], inconsistency notions are used for sparse + low rank recovery. However, the noise here is not sparse. In the case of [1,3,10], the basis vector contains inconsistent single vectors. This is different from the situation here. Suggest removing this comparison.
*Typo/notational issues:
The superscript notation for components \hat{\cal{W}}^{(k)} is misleading. Suggest some other symbol for the components.
Bad notation: Both \bar{r}k and \underline{r}k are used for k-mode rank. This should be changed. Instead, mult_rank(tensor) could be introduced to represent polynomial rank.
In the last line of page 12 in the supplementary material, some parentheses are missing.
Abstract: "Results for structured scatter" should be changed to "results for structured". The paper is well-written and makes a novel contribution in terms of finding a good Tucker tensor decomposition using the overlap scatter norm and providing guarantees for recovery. However, some technical clarifications are needed, which are expected to be addressed by the authors.