The authors use fast approximate-nearest-neighbors (fast approximate-nearest-neighbors) structures and arg-top-K operations to calculate attention weights in neural Turing machines. They describe experiments that show that this does not degrade training performance, and in fact allows training on larger problems. There is little novelty in this work; see Section 3.3 in the Memory Networks paper http://arxiv.org/pdf/1410.3916.pdf; there are now many memory network papers that use hashing methods to make memory and lookup scalable with millions of items. On the other hand, I have not seen such a tool used for writeable memory, and even if there is no conceptual leap in this paper, it is certainly appropriate to report on the practical aspects of how it works. Nevertheless, I recommend accepting the paper, but would like to see some changes. 1: I think it will be quite difficult to replicate the results of this paper from the details given in the paper. In particular, there is a lack of description of the tasks; the code for the tasks has not been released from the original NTM paper, and there is no "standard" version of the tasks, so it is important that the paper provides a careful description of the construction of the tasks. I would also say that the authors should commit to releasing the code for their experiments. 2: Where will it fail? Does it always work? The authors often describe their model as smooth, but note that the argmax (or K-argmax) operation is not smooth. With $K=1$, in read-only setting, their model is similar to that of MemNN-WSH in http://arxiv.org/pdf/1503.08895.pdf (although that model does not use hashing), and that model was reported to work less well than the completely smooth model. Is this due to $K=1$? Due to the task? I think this paper would be more valuable if there was some analysis of the failure cases and some discussion on what kind of tasks/setup allows their training to work: their model is performing a discrete operation, and they train (as opposed to http://arxiv.org/abs/1511.07275) without consideration. I think getting results this way is a good contribution, but it would be better to understand the limitations. Furthermore, I would suggest that the authors remove Section 3.6, and I would also suggest that the authors not call the Omniglot data "non-synthetic" or "real-world."