This paper discusses high-order statistical computation based on observed pairs, where the observations themselves are spread across a network of nodes. These U-statistics incorporate many interesting aspects, including sample variance, correlation, and dispersion coefficients, as well as other collective measures. The paper's main goal is to propose a gossip-style decentralized aggregation/averaging algorithm for computing these statistics.

Overall, this paper on gossip algorithms is a great contribution, but the authors should better connect with existing methods and concepts.

This is a "heavy" review. I didn't get a chance to verify the accuracy of the material in the appendix.

Comments:

1) The core technique of the algorithm is that when two nodes exchange their assumed values and average them, they also change the second state representing their initial observations. This means that the initial observations are each following a random path (although connected). It would be helpful if this had been stated more clearly in the original manuscript and encouraged the analysis method through multiple copies of the graph.
2) In addition to the references mentioned by the authors, there has been much work on the gossip method for statistical computation. A snapshot of the situation a few years ago is Demakis et al.'s Proc. IEEE paper. The current work may be more helpful than the somewhat superficial explanation of the current manuscript in the context of the work mentioned there.
3) It might be clear what kind of induced distribution is created at the edges through the "node wakes up, communicates with neighbors" process on page 4. The sentence "drawing a random edge of the network" does not specify the distribution.
4) There is also a natural alternative method to this problem, which is to use essentially the same communication process to allow more memory to be allocated to each node and to allow each node to flow its own values across the network. The nodes store the received observations (tagged with the node that initially had it). At each time, the nodes can calculate the U statistic on the subset of data they have. How will this compare with the current method? It may help to show why averaging may be helpful, or what the performance loss might be if memory is limited on each node. Without this comparison, it is not clear whether the 1/t rate is good or bad. The flooding method may be quite good for expanders.
5) The authors' work on building lifting to speed up the gossip algorithm should be looked at, as it seems quite related to their paper's construction. See for example:
K. Jong, D. Shah, and J. Shin, "Fast Gossip via Lifted Markov Chains," Proc. Olatton Conf. on Com, Control, and Comp., Urban-Champaign, IL, September 2007. W. Li and H. Dai, "Location-Aided Fast Distributed Consensus," IEEE Transactions on Information Theory 56 (12), 2010. F. Chen, L. Lovaj, and I. Pak, "Markov Chain Lifting to Speed Up Mixing," Proceedings of the Thirty-First Annual ACM Symposium on the Theory of Computing. ACM, 1999, pp. 275-281.
6) The analysis of the gossip algorithm makes a worst-case assumption on the initial data distribution. That is, all the initial data vectors $X$ are guaranteed. This is not clear in the theorem statement or problem statement. What is the assumption on the data distribution, and what guarantees are there on the errors as a function of the initial data?

Small points - p1: (S \times T) \cup (T \times S) denotes the graph denoted by the bidirectional definition. - p4: "Let's emphasize that" --> "Let's emphasize" - p4: "Wakes up and communicates" --> "Wakes up and communicates" - p6: "Has to start" --> "Has to start" - p7: "Allows to create" --> "Allows to create"

Author's response later: I think the clarifications and changes proposed by the authors are good. I am increasing my initial score from 7 to 8.

I think they should still look more carefully at the lifting construction (especially LADA) and correct the related work.

Furthermore, the baseline comparison should be included in the test.

This is a well-presented method for extending the gossip method to calculate more complex statistics in distributed settings such as sensor networks. The mathematical formula and connection to previous work are somewhat unclear. I recommend accepting this paper if the authors make a good correction and resolve the comments raised in this review.