This paper explores a crowdsourcing setup where a taskmaster divides a large task (say, an estimation problem) into smaller tasks. These smaller tasks are then presented to the crowd or workers. A crowdsourcer then collects the information provided by these workers (after they have completed their assigned tasks) and processes this information to complete the estimation task. This setup allows the worker to have different skill levels, as well as the crowdsourcer to be unreliable in reporting their information. The aim of the entire system is to ensure some level of fidelity or 'goodness' of the final result on the crowdsourcer, even if some incorrect information is presented by the participating workers. For this, the taskmaster needs to carefully design the small tasks (or questions) to be assigned to the workers. This paper defines the total number of questions presented to the workers as the budget of the crowdsourcing system. This paper studies a fundamental trade-off between the budget (the number of questions presented to the workers by the taskmaster) and fidelity (the quality of the estimation task performed on the crowdsourcer). This trade-off is achieved by mapping the crowdsourcing system described above to the problem of combined source channel coding in information theory literature. The taskmaster is considered as a transmitter and the crowdsourcer is mapped as a receiver/decoder. The unreliable links from the workers to the crowdsourcer constitute a communication channel. Given this mapping, a lower limit on the budget (number of questions) for a desirable fidelity level is obtained from standard results in information theory literature. This limit is independent of the schemes used by the taskmaster to design the questions and the algorithms used on the crowdsourcer to process the information collected from the workers. Then the authors consider a specific scheme on the taskmaster, called k-ary incidence coding, and analyze its performance. Then the authors compare the performance of this encoding scheme with the information theoretical lower limit obtained for a specific channel model. The reviewer finds the similarity drawn between the rate-distortion framework and the crowdsourcing system with unreliable workers to be quite interesting. This work may invite other researchers to study the crowdsourcing framework using information theoretical tools. However, the reviewer is not sure that the results presented in this paper model real crowdsourcing systems in a very realistic way. One reason behind this may be that the paper wants to map the crowdsourcing problem exactly with a point-to-point communication problem so that existing results from information theory literature can be directly applied with minimal effort. It would be great if the authors could comment on the following issues. 1) It seems that the reliability and skill level of the workers have been combined and modeled as a single channel. The paper assumes that the transmitter (taskmaster) assigns the same number of questions to all workers, regardless of their skill level. This may not be true in real systems where workers may carry some rating with them that represents their skill level. 2) How realistic are the channel models to account for the unreliability of the workers. What about the workers who may have some knowledge of the task at hand and may try to undermine fidelity in an adverse way. The interpretation of the numerical results is not very clear. The labeling of the various curves in Figure ~2 can be improved. $k=1$ matches the case. The worker directly gives you the correct label of the question presented because you cannot present a pair and ask if they share the same label in this case? On page 6, line 246, the authors mention that they assume the knowledge of $P(B(X))$. The reviewer believes that this should have been stated much earlier in the paper. On page 4, line 135: Figure 1.a --> Figure 1.b On page 4, line 135: Figure 1.b --> Figure 1.c The authors repeatedly used 'theorem', 'corollary', and 'sub-theorem', even though these words are not associated with any specific number of theorems or corollaries. The reviewer believes that 'theorem', 'corollary', and 'sub-theorem' would be more appropriate in such cases.