This paper uses Kernel Learning with Determinantal Point Process (DPP). The main contribution of this paper is the restructuring of the objective, which performs better than the standard approach of separating the log probe and performing projected gradients with respect to the kernel parameter (this basic approach is called K-accent (KA) in the paper). The idea is to reform the problem within the EM framework. It works by observing that any DPP can be represented as a mixture on "elementary DPPs," where there is a fundamental DPP for each subset of elements. A variation distribution is created on these subsets, and the algorithm works alternately between updating the distribution on these subsets, which is represented as a K-DPP, and taking a single gradient step in the M phase. The results show that the EM method performs significantly better than the KA method when the KA is randomly initialized, and performs slightly better in some settings when the KA is initialized more intelligently.

Overall, I find this approach interesting, and it seems that the EM method makes some improvements. The M-phase is quite complex, and the caveats required for its functioning are somewhat unsatisfactory, but it can be said that it works.

Experimentally, I would like to see a little more analysis on the effect of initialization on EM. For example, if the EM algorithm is initialized with the result of KA, will it improve the solution?

I am also confused by the use of relative log probabilities as a measure for reporting. Log probes represent the ratio of difference probabilities. Why take the ratio of log probabilities? Why not the difference in log probes? I have difficulty understanding the meaning of these numbers.

One minor problem (sorry for the annoyance!): I find the writing style somewhat disturbing. I would prefer that the author not call their own algorithm elegant, especially when elegance is debatable because of the care and approximation required in the M phase. I also find it unnecessary to bold the text in the introduction. Interesting new approach to Kernel Learning in DPP. Experiments could be improved a bit, and the improvements on the basic projected gradient algorithm are not very large, but overall a very good paper.