Determined Point Processes (DPPs) are distributions over a finite ground set that provide higher probability to diverse sets. DPPs can be parameterized by a positive semi-definite matrix (L). Since learning L is NP-hard, only partial learning of L is discussed as a prior task. Learning L as a scalar vector compromises the diversity dimension of DPPs. Previous work relied on restricting the parametric form of L. In this paper, the authors propose a learning method that does not restrict the parameterization of L. The learning method does not require a projection step like gradient ascent, which can compromise the similarity property and the diversity property. This disadvantage can be overcome by using EM on the Eigen-values and Eigen-vectors. They explore some optimization algorithms to solve this without the need to project the values. Using projected gradient ascent requires projections of both the Eigen-values and Eigen-vectors. Taking advantage of the fact that V is full-rank, they avoid projecting the Eigen-vectors. Jensen's inequality is used to minimize the objective function and construct an EM process.

The learning method is useful because it preserves the diversity property of DPPs, while other previous work has only focused on the quality property. The step-by-step derivation of the EM process is insightful. Mapping the constraint on the Eigen-vector projection and showing that the inverse distribution is a DPP are solid contributions to an optimization to eliminate Eigen-vector projection. They test the learning algorithm on both synthetic datasets and a product recommendation task. The experiments support the claim made in the paper – the learning method preserves the quality and diversity of DPPs compared to KAs. While only two of the top 10 products have been replaced by KAs from low-probability products, this paper brings the contribution forward and supports the claim made at the beginning. The conclusion is a bit hasty, not bringing forward all the contributions of this paper, but overall the paper is written coherently. The evidence is well-written and the step-by-step reduction of optimization in EM is interesting.

The paper is written coherently and the evidence is well-written. The step-by-step reduction in EM is interesting and well explained. More experiments in real-world datasets could demonstrate the importance of the "diversity" produced by this algorithm compared to others in this field.