This paper discusses a specific class of feedforward neural networks that can be trained globally to optimal or favorable results using a non-linear spectral method with a linear convergence rate. This method was applied to deep networks with one and two hidden layers. Experiments were conducted on a series of real-world datasets. The paper discusses a specific class of feedforward neural networks that can be trained globally to optimal or favorable results using a non-linear spectral method with a linear convergence rate. This method was applied to deep networks with one and two hidden layers. Experiments were conducted on a series of real-world datasets. According to the authors, the class of feedforward neural networks studied imposes non-negativity on the weights of the network, and maximizing the regularization of these weights is constrained and counterintuitive. Furthermore, a less popular activation function called generalized polynomial is required for the optimality condition. These assumptions are not entirely logical. Instead of making more restrictive assumptions to achieve global optimum, detailed and careful explanations from the perspective of the application or real-world datasets are helpful. The authors claim that the target class of neural networks has sufficient expressive power to model complex decision-making boundaries and achieves good performance. However, empirical experimental results do not strongly support the above claim. It seems that linear SVMs perform much better than NLSM1 and NLSM2, where linear SVMs cannot be properly tuned, while NLSMs tune their network structure. Moreover, as we know, NLSM is a non-linear model, so it is strange why linear SVMs are used as a baseline, not non-linear SVMs like polynomial kernels or Gaussian kernels. Therefore, the comparisons are not fair, and the conclusions based on these comparative results are not credible. In other words, these results cannot prove the sufficient expressive power of the class being studied in neural networks. In the experiment, the datasets from the UCI repo are very small in terms of sample size and feature dimension. Based on the analysis, the spectral radius of the matrix A increases with the number of hidden units, so it is problematic for high-dimensional data. Is there any way to deal with this problem? This will largely prevent this method from being applied in a large number of applications. It seems that the optimality condition is not guaranteed by any settings of the parameters that can be used in the studied neural network. Although the condition can be tested without running the neural network, it is still problematic if we have no prior knowledge or the possible parameters are extremely large. Is there any quick method to get a possible small set of valid candidates? Does the optimal feature of the model being studied come from a specific purpose function? It is interesting to see whether stochastic gradient descent can also be empirically convergent globally in some tested datasets.