This paper presents a compelling theory that demonstrates a global optimum for a specific class of neural networks can be achieved at a linear convergence rate. The main limitations are that all input data and the weights of the linear layers are positive, and the activation functions are generalized polynomials. The proposed theory is first proven for a neural network with a single hidden layer and then extended to networks with multiple hidden layers. The authors also propose an optimization algorithm based on a non-linear spectral method. Experiments show that the proposed algorithm performs quite well on a small 2D synthetic dataset and achieves reasonable performance on some small real-world datasets (UCI dataset).

Advantages: According to the authors, this is the first work to propose a potential practical neural task with an optimal guarantee and a convergence guarantee. Previous works required a complex method to test the prerequisites for convergence guarantees, some of which were impossible to test in practice because they depended on data-generating measurements. The theory proposed in this work has relatively simple prerequisites that depend only on the spectral radius of a non-negative matrix, which constitutes the network's parameters. The authors also show that the proposed theory can be applied to networks of arbitrary depth and shows a reasonable result on small real datasets.

Disadvantages: The proposed network still has limited applications. Both the input data and the network parameters for the theory must be positive, the activation functions are generalized polynomials, and the spectral radius (theorem 1) must be smaller than 1. I think the non-negative constraints on the input data should not hinder too much potential use, as most training data can be easily transformed to be all positive. However, the model's expressability may be limited due to the network parameters being positive. Also, it is unusual that all activation functions of all hidden layers are different, and this can also limit its application. Finally, the authors state that to meet the spectral radius constraints, they need to increase p1 and p2 and decrease pw and pu, which effectively reduces the weight of the linear units. And if I understand correctly, to meet the spectral radius constraints, the higher the dimensions of the input and network parameters, the lower the weight of the linear units. Since the linear weights are very small, the activation functions will function almost like a linear function. In that case, adding more layers is simply adding another linear function, which will not increase the expressability of the network. Therefore, I am slightly concerned that this method may not be easy to extend to deep architectures. Despite all these concerns, it is still an encouraging result as a preliminary attempt, and I think this paper should be accepted.

Small comment: I am curious how p1, p2, pw, pu, the dimensions of the input, and the size of the network parameters affect the spectral radius rho(A). For example, when the dimension of the input increases, does rho(A) increase linearly or exponentially, and to deal with that effect, should we reduce pw and pu linearly or exponentially? I know it may not be easy to prove, but it may be possible to empirically plot that relationship on a synthetic data.