This paper presents a method for adapting a Krizewski CNN network for classification (without bounding box annotations), which is intended to work on object detection, provided that the number of classes with annotated bounding boxes is small. During training, the approach involves 1) training a CNN for classification on images of all classes, 2) training a CNN on image regions labeled with a bounding box, while adding a negative background region class, and 3) adding a background class to the complete CNN model, optimizing some CNN weights. During testing, the CNN is run on multiple image regions in a test image.

Quality: This is an interesting paper, and it is quite compelling that it achieves reasonable results. These results are largely based on the success of Krizewski et al.'s model, rather than being fundamentally new; however, they will be valuable for researchers in computer vision and machine learning. The general approach is simple, but logical. The experiments are promising; however, it is missing in comparison to other baselines:
1) Use full images as positive examples, and images and regions of other classes as negative examples. Train and fine-tune all layers of the CNN.
2) Do the same as above, but use an MIL approach, where you select the highest scoring positive region for each image from set A (instead of a full image).
3) Train and fine-tune the CNN for classification. During testing, run the classifier and predict a bounding box in the center of the image (for example, the mean bounding box for ImageNet).

I am not sure that the proposed approach will outperform these baselines. It is not clear to me that the proposed approach makes more sense than baseline 1, and I think it probably makes less sense than baseline 2. It would be important to point out to the reader that including a third baseline would be important for how easy/difficult the problem and dataset are.

Clarity: The paper is clear and well-written. The clarity of the experiment section could be improved, especially in terms of expanding the explanation of what each method refers to in Table 1 (does this mean applying equations 1 or 2 to a subset of CNN layers?).

Novelty: The paper is quite new to be accepted, although the original approach is simple and specific to certain types of CNN networks.

Significance: The problem and results are significant and valuable.

The paper addresses a relevant problem and the fact that decent detection results have been achieved on large datasets without bounding box labels. Furthermore, some clear baselines are missing in the paper, and it is very possible that the results are leveraging better CNN features rather than providing a better way to train object detectors from weak supervision.