Summary: This paper presents a model for embedding words, phrases, and concepts into a vector space. To do this, it uses an ontology of concepts, each of which is mapped into phrases. These phrases are found in a text corpus and are considered atomic symbols. Using this, the paper essentially uses the skip-gram method to train the embedding for words, now also for atomic phrases and the concepts associated with them. The proposed work is evaluated on concept similarity and association using UMLS and Yago, which acts as a backing ontology.

Strengths:
The main question addressed by this paper is that phrases that are not literally the same may be semantically close, and furthermore, not all phrases are of the same structural nature. To this end, this paper proposes a commendable model for training phrase embedding. Trained embeddings have been shown to be competitive or better at identifying similarity between concepts.

The software released with this paper may be useful for biomedical NLP researchers.

Weaknesses:
The primary weakness of this paper is that the model is not very new. It is essentially a modification of skip-gram.

Furthermore, the complete model presented by this paper does not seem to be the best in the results (in Table 4). On the May 2 dataset, the Choi baseline is significantly better. A similar trend seems to dominate Table 6 as well. On larger UMNSRS data, the proposed model is the best competitor to previous simpler models (Chiu).

General Discussion:
This paper states that it uses phrases known as distant supervision to train the embedding. However, it is not clear what "supervision" is here. If I understand this paper correctly, each instance of a phrase associated with a concept provides context for training the word embedding. But this is not supervision in the traditional sense (such as identifying a concept in a text or other such predictive tasks). Therefore, the terminology is a bit confusing. The notation introduced in Section 3.2 (E_W, etc.) is never used in the rest of the paper.

The use of \beta to control the structurality of phrases by words is quite surprising. Essentially, it is equivalent to saying that there is a single global constant that determines how "structural" any phrase should be. The surprising thing here is that the actual values of \beta chosen by cross validation from Table 3 are skewed. For PM+CL and Wikinews, it is zero, which essentially argues against structurality.

The experimental setup for Table 4 requires some explanation. This paper states that the data labels the similarity/association of concepts (or entities). However, if the concept-phrase mapping is actually many-to-many, how is the phrase/word vector used to calculate similarity? It seems that we can only use the concept vector.

In Table 5, the approximate phrase method (which estimates concepts with the average of phrases in them) performs best. Therefore, it is not clear why we need a concept ontology. Instead, we could have started with a seed set of phrases to achieve the same results.