This paper considers saddle-point problems with a convex-concave property. The authors demonstrate how these problems can be addressed using existing stochastic variance reduction techniques (such as SVRG and SAGA) coupled with a proximal operator. They study these algorithms in the monotone operator setting, showing linear convergence, and propose an accelerated variant as well as analyze a non-uniform sampling scheme.

The contributions of this paper are significant. The theoretical analysis is thorough and reveals new insights for saddle-point problems. The authors propose numerous extensions, the most significant being that their method applies to non-separable functions. 

Although I appreciate the theoretical contributions, I found the presentation somewhat difficult to follow. The connection to monotone operators could be made more explicit; while it appears as an extension in Section 6, the analysis relies heavily on the theory of monotone operators. On the experimental side, I would have liked to see results on a wider range of datasets. For cases with separable functions, the authors should also compare their results to accelerated methods such as the stochastic variant of the Chambolle-Pock algorithm [Zhang & Pock, 2015]. 

There are several points the authors should clarify:

1.  How strong are the assumptions A-C, particularly assumption (A)? For example, do these assumptions hold for solving the saddle-point problem induced by Support Vector Machines?
2.  I do not fully understand the differences between stochastic primal-dual methods and the authors’ proposed method. Could they elaborate on this distinction?
3.  In Theorem 2, the constant μ is unclear. Is it the monotonicity constant mentioned in the appendix? How can this result be compared to that of Theorem 1?
4.  The transition from assumptions (A)-(C) to strong monotonicity (in the appendix) is confusing. Do assumptions (A)-(C) imply strong monotonicity?

Minor issues:

*   There is some ambiguity in the use of the constant L, representing both the condition number and the Lipschitz constant. (“The quantity L represents the condition number of the problem” and “we need the Lipschitz constant L”).
*   Please add a reference for the Forward-Backward algorithm.

**References:**

*   Zhang, T., & Pock, T. (2015). A stochastic primal-dual algorithm for convex problems with applications to imaging. *Journal of Mathematical Imaging and Vision*, *40*(1), 120–145.



