General Notes:

This paper presents an exploration of the relationship between part-of-speech tags and word embedding. Specifically, the authors used word embedding to draw some interesting (if not direct) conclusions about the stability of part-of-speech tags and the clear relationship between word vector representation and part-of-speech. Detailed error analysis (of outliers from classification) is certainly a strong point of this paper.

However, it seems that a key point is missing in this paper: why were corpora like the BNC part-of-speech tag in the first place? Unlike the purely linguistic search of morphosyntactic categories (which are described by a semantic prototype theory - see, for example, Croft, 1991), these corpora were further built and tagged to facilitate NLP tasks, mostly parsing. The entire discussion could be redefined as to whether the differences made by the distribution vector are more beneficial for parsing than for the original tag (or UPOS).

Furthermore, several related works are missing in this paper in the context of distribution-based part-of-speech induction. I recommend starting with the 2010 review by Christodoulopoulos et al. and adding some more recent non-DNN works, including Blumenbaum and Kohn (2011), Yatbaz et al. (2012), etc. In light of this work, the results in Section 5 are hardly new (there are systems that have more restrictions in terms of their external knowledge that achieve comparable results).

Specific Issues

One of the results contributing to the summary is that "the distribution vector contains information about part-of-speech association". Unless I am misunderstanding the sentence, this is hardly a new result, especially for English: every distribution-based part-of-speech induction system that presents a "many-to-one" or "cluster purity" number in the last 15 years shows similar results. The claim made in lines 79-80 ("the relationship between vectors ... is mostly semantic") is not correct: <MIKOLOV or COLOBERT> papers (and later works) show that these vectors contain a lot of syntactic information. See also the previous comment about cluster purity scores. In fact, you reverse that statement at the beginning of Section 2 (lines 107-108).

Why go to UPOS? Surely the nuances of the original tagset are more interesting.

I don't understand footnote 3. Were these unsuccessful attempts made by you or other works? Under what criteria did they fail? What about Brown cluster vectors? They are almost completely aligned with the UPOS tag.

Is it the observation that "proper nouns are not the same as common nouns" (lines 331-332) that is interesting? Does the existence of "the" (the most frequent function word) almost alone not explain this difference?

While I understand the practical reasons for analyzing the most frequent word/tag pairs, it would be interesting to see what happens in the tail, both in terms of the types of errors made by the vector and the classifier.

Then you can try to imagine alternatives to pure distribution-based (and morphological - since you are lemmatizing) features that would allow better generalization of part-of-speech tags for these low-frequency words.

Minor Issues

For example, change the sentence references \newcite{} "MIKOLOV et al. (2013b) showed"