This paper proposes using Low Rank Representation (LRR) with some learned dictionary A to improve the performance of RPCA. Specifically, the authors show that the coherence parameter \mu, which is often considered an obstacle to the path of recovery in RPCA, is actually related to some additional clustering structure within the data. Under specific conditions on the dictionary A, the authors show that such a structure can be exploited using LRR, and by partially removing the dependence on \mu, theoretically strong guarantees are obtained in both perfect low-rank and sparse decomposition, and its noisy extensions.

This method is novel and important for the field. It is closely related to the assumed union-of-subspace structure of previous subspace clustering papers such as "Wang and Xu: Noiseous sparse subspace clustering and provable subspace clustering: When LRR combines with SSC", and "Sultanlockabiy and Candes: A geometric analysis of subspace clustering with outliers" "Sultanlockabiy et al: Robust subspace clustering". However, the assumption of "clustering" is less clear, which is more logical and probably more general. Simulation and real-world data testing validate theoretical analysis, and I believe that the new structure can be found in many other real-world applications (such as the text data mentioned in the paper).

In summary, this paper makes an important contribution to the field of compressed sensing, and I believe it should be accepted by NIPS.

However, I have some discussions and stylistic suggestions that are summarized in the detailed comments below.

1. Lines 80-82: Some rewriting is needed to clarify the description. What do you mean by "our data"? Also, even if the problem assumes all the structures of the problem, there is another condition for getting "perfect recovery".

2. Line 88: ... no longer a method of perfection (what?).

3. Please proof-read the papers more carefully for problems like the above two. Be specific and precise about what you are claiming and what you are mentioning in the text. In general, please work on the clarity of the paper's language.

4. Wang and Xu further write in their "Noiseous sparse subspace clustering" paper that the high coherence parameter is actually good for subspace clustering (as opposed to RPCA and matrix completion). The main difference from here is that the data does not need to be low-rank overall, only each cluster needs to be low-rank. The structure used here in this paper can be considered a combination of a low-rank structure and a union-of-subspace cluster structure.

5. It would be interesting to compare the proposed algorithm first solving noisy subspace clustering with \ell_1 penalty and then doing PCA for each subspace. Although there is no provable guarantee for the later version to date.

6. Section 4.2 mainly proposes a new method for solving subspace clustering problems with sparse corruption in the data. This method achieves significant improvements compared to standard RPCA+SSC in the Hopkins155 dataset, which I believe is a hidden contribution in this paper and the authors should mention it. This paper should be accepted because it has at least three important contributions to the field, including: 1. A description of a clustering structure that leads to high coherence, 2. Examples of how one can indirectly exploit such a structure using dictionary in LRR, 3. Partly solving the problem of sparse corruption in subspace clustering problems.