This paper proposes using Low-Rank Representation (LRR) with a learned dictionary A to improve the effectiveness of RPCA. Specifically, the authors show that the consistency parameter \mu, often considered a barrier to recovery guarantee in RPCA, can actually correspond to some additional clustering structure in the data. Under certain conditions on the dictionary A, the authors show that the benefit of such a structure can be leveraged using LRR and the dependence on \mu can be partially removed, and theoretically, strong guarantees can be obtained in both accurate low-rank and sparse decomposition and its noise-prone extension.

This method is new and important to this field. It is closely related to the union-of-subspace structure considered in previous subspace clustering papers such as "Wang and Xu: Noise-Spaced Subspace Clustering and Probable Subspace Clustering: When LRR Meets SSC", and "Soltanolkotabi and Candace: A Geometric Analysis of Subspace Clustering with Outliers" "Soltanolkotabi et al: Robust Subspace Clustering". However, it is less clear about the concept of "clustering" which is more appropriate and potentially more general. Simulations and real data experiments verify theoretical analysis and I think the new structure can also be found in many other real applications (such as the text data mentioned in the paper).

In summary, this paper is a significant contribution to the field of compressed sensing and I think it should be accepted by the NIPS.

That being said, I have several discussions and stylistic suggestions which are summarized in the detailed comments below.
1. Lines 80-82: Some rewriting is needed to clarify the details. What do you mean by "our data"? Also, even if the problem captures all the structures in the problem, there is still another condition to qualify for "perfect recovery".
2. Line 88: ... now not correct (what?).
3. Please proof-read the paper more carefully for problems like the two above. Be specific and precise about what to claim and what you are referring to in the text. In general, please work on the clarity of language in the paper.
4. Wang and Xu also wrote in their paper "Noise-Spaced Subspace Clustering" that a high consistency parameter is actually good for subspace clustering (as opposed to RPCA and matrix completion). The main difference from here is that the data does not need to be ranked low overall, only each cluster needs to be ranked low. The structure used here in this paper can be considered as a combination of low-rank structure and union-of-subspace cluster structure.
5. It would be interesting to compare the proposed algorithm to first solving noisy subspace clustering with the \ell_1 penalty and then doing PCA for each subspace. However, no verifiable guarantee exists to date for the latter version.
6. Section 4.2 essentially proposes a new method for solving the subspace clustering problem with sparse corruption in the data. This method leads to significant improvements over the standard RPCA+SSC on the Hopkins155 dataset, which I think is a hidden contribution in this paper and the authors should point it out. This paper should be accepted because it contains at least three important contributions to the field, including: 1. A description of a clustering structure that leads to high consistency, 2. Examples of how one can take advantage of the inherent benefit of such a structure using a dictionary in LRR, 3. Partially solving the problem of sparse corruption in the subspace clustering problem.