Based on early work linking rapid mirror descent and continuous-time ODEs, the authors have expanded the ODE dynamics with a more general average scheme and proposed a new adaptive averaging strategy for its discretization. In some cases, the new version of AMD with adaptive averaging performs better than the existing AMD algorithm with restarting. The proposed adaptive averaging strategy is interestingly new and comes with a good intuition. While the paper looks good overall, originality and utility remain a major concern. - Most elements (e.g., Lyapunov function, discretization, etc.) are directly derived from an early NIPS paper [7]. The extension from simple averages to generalized averages is somewhat insignificant and not very useful because the authors ultimately only consider the case of quadratic rate; higher-order methods will be needed for faster rates, which are not always applicable. - Some results, for example, the interpretation of the energy function, reconstruction in primitive form, reduction in replicator dynamics, promote a better understanding of the rapid mirror descent algorithm, but are not significant for advancing machine learning. - Although adaptive averaging has been presented to meet sufficient conditions to guarantee the convergence of ODEs, it is not entirely theoretically based due to approximations during discretization. Still, no clear convergent result has been provided, meaning it is again just a heuristic, as referred to by the authors. Furthermore, there are many different averaging schemes of Nestor's rapid algorithm; without comparing to other options, it is not clear whether this adaptive variant makes a big difference. - Experimenting on a toy example with only quadratic/linear objectives is not interesting or convincing enough to demonstrate the benefit with adaptive averaging, especially for the general case with strongly convex. == Post- खंडन उत्तर == I have read the authors' rebuttal and they promise to add additional higher-dimensional and non-quadratic examples to the revision - theoretical proof of the convergence of adaptive averaging - implementation of adaptive averaging on Nestorov's cubic-regularized Newton method - Discussion compared to other adaptive averaging I have updated my score accordingly.