This paper presents a new framework for solving SR problems – adopting an affinity projection layer that is pre-trained to ensure that the amortized MAP estimate is consistent with the output LR. It also proposes three different methods for solving cross-entropy reduction problems. Generally, it's an excellent paper. However, I still have several comments:

1) The proposed amortized MAP estimate is different from the new and previous SR methods. Combined with GANs, this framework could be reliable and achieve good results. When compared to another GAN-based SR method – using a generative adversarial network to achieve photo-realistic single image super-resolution – the question may arise as to what this new formulation adds to the latest state-of-the-art.

2) As a limitation, using the affinity projection architecture, the model does not require any similar {HR, LR} image pairs for training. However, during affinity projection layer training, we still need {HR, LR} image pairs. Does this mean we simply transfer this training method to affinity projection training?

3) The paper presents many results of the framework, including natural image results obtained from ImageNet. Could the author also provide results from Set5, Set14, or BSD100, which are conventional test datasets for SR, so we can make a fair comparison with previous work?

4) I see that the natural image size results presented in this paper are limited to within 128 * 128. Could this framework work better with larger image sizes? Because SR will encounter input of arbitrary sizes.

5) A natural GAN will have a word word as a latent space, so it can be better illustrated as a distributed learning. Did the author try to use noise vectors?

Overall, this paper provides a new framework for SR with rigorous theoretical analysis. The concept is new, and the author has explored many methods. Although there are still questions such as what is needed and further testing. I think this work will give good inspiration to the community.