This paper discusses the problem of resolving ambiguity or embedding textual entities within a given background knowledge base (e.g., English Wikipedia). (Its title and introduction are somewhat exaggerated/misleading, as much more is required than the EDL task to establish a connection between the text and the knowledge base, but the EDL is a core part of the overall work.) The method involves a intermediate representation layer, such as the sense of mention (mention senses), to establish this connection, following two steps: (1) mentioning the sense from the mention, and (2) mentioning the entity from the sense. Various embedding representations for words, sense of mention, and entities are learned, which are collectively trained to maximize a single overall objective function that equally maximizes the three types of embedding.

Technically, this method is quite clear and consistent with current deep processing fashion and known best practices related to embedding; although one can propose all kinds of alternatives, it is not clear whether they will create material differences. Rather, my comments focus on the basic method. However, it is not properly explained why a two-step process involving the sense of mention is better than a simple one-step mapping of their entities from the word mention. (This is the method of Yamada et al., which is called the ALIGN algorithm here.) Table 2 shows that the two-step MPME (even its simplification SPME) does even better. Why exactly? What is the correct difference between the sense of mentions and the entities, and what additional information is needed? To understand, please check whether the following points are correct (and possibly update the paper so that it clarifies exactly what is happening).

For the entities: their profiles consist of neighboring entities in a related graph. This graph is (I assume) created by looking at the word-level relationship of the entity definitions (Wikipedia pages). The profiles are (extended skip-gram-based) embeddings.

For the words: their profiles are based on the Standard Distributed Semantics method, where the sense of mention is not resolved.

For the sense of mentions: their profiles are based on the Standard Distributed Semantics method, but with the advantage of resolving the sense of mention. Sense of mention is done using a sense-based profile ('language model') from the local context word and the neighboring mention, which is briefly mentioned just before section 4, but not in detail. This is a problem point of the method. How are the senses created and separated? Who defines how many senses can be in a mention string? If it is done by looking at the knowledge base, then we get a bidirectional mapping between the sense of mention and the entity - that is, there is exactly one entity for each sense of mention (even if there are more entities). In that case, are the definitional profiles of the sense collection created by starting the entity text as a 'seed word'? If so, what information is used at the sense of mention level that is not used at the entity level? Only those words that are reliably associated with the sense of mention, but do not occur on Wikipedia's equivalent entity webpages? On average, how many such words are there for a sense of mention? That is, how powerful/necessary is it to keep this additional difference information in a separate place (sense of mention place), or should these additional words be loaded into the entity place (by adding these words to Wikipedia entity pages)?

If the above idea is basically correct, then please update section 5 of the paper and say so, because (to me) this is the main new information in the paper. This is not true, because the paper says in section 6 that "...this is the first work to deal with the ambiguity of mentions in the integration of text and knowledge representation, so there is no proper basis for comparison". The last two years of TAC KBP evaluations have hosted the EDL task, which involves eight or nine systems, all of which are doing this work, although contrary to Freebase, which is much larger and more confusing than Wikipedia. Please see http://nlp.cs.rpi.edu/kbp/2016/

A positive aspect: I really liked the concept of the smoothing parameter of section 6.4.2.

Answer-answer: I have read the authors' responses. I am not very satisfied with their response about the KBP evaluation not being relevant, but they are interested in the goodness of the embedding. In fact, the only way to evaluate such 'goodness' is an application. No one really cares how beautiful an embedding is conceptually, the question is: does it work better?