This paper presents a Bayesian method for estimating state and parameters of a non-linear state-space model, as well as learning transition dynamics using Gaussian processes (GPs). The estimation process is based on the Particle Markov Chain Monte Carlo (PMCMC), where the concept of a recent ancestor sample is introduced. The paper also discusses computational efficiency in the case of sparsity and low-rank Cholesky updates.

It is a reliable paper with a technically strong and clear presentation. The online alignment of transition dynamics and the use of ancestor samples to achieve it are novel. Considering computational problems such as sparsity and low-rank updates and Cholesky factors of the covariance matrix strengthens this paper. The empirical results are concise but sufficient (further suggestions are given below).

In addition to its stated purpose, this paper will likely encourage discussion on the potential advantages/disadvantages of estimation methods for non-Marxian state-space models and learning transition dynamics without prior specification of parametric models.

Although the space is small, the authors may want to discuss some more about the difference between using parametric transition models in advance and using similar models as the mean function of GPs. For example, out-of-sample prediction (e.g., forecasting).

The results of Table 1 and the details of the previous paragraph are somewhat unclear to me. I am not sure whether the RMSE is based on a retained set of data points or on the same data points (*| data in column headings). My main interest will be an RMSE against out-of-sample prediction, especially forecasting over time against retained data. In this context, I hope to see the biggest difference between the dynamics learned and the ground-truth model. If it is not already shown in Table 1, an additional column to show it would be a great addition.

One minor point: the CPF-AS acronym is used in Algorithm 1, but it is not defined in the first paragraph of section 3.3.1 below. It is a strong and novel paper that will encourage some interesting discussions.