The authors use the fast nearest-neighbor framework and the argmax operation to calculate attention weights in a neural Turing machine. They describe several experiments that show it does not degrade training performance, and in fact allows training on larger problems. The novelty of this work is minor, see paragraph 3.3 of the memory network paper: http://arxiv.org/pdf/1410.3916.pdf; currently there are several memory network papers that make lookup scalable using millions of items and hashing methods. On the other hand, I have not seen such tools used for writeable memory, and even if there is no conceptual leap in this paper, the practical aspects of making it work must be reported. Nevertheless, I would recommend accepting the paper, but would like to see some changes. 1: I think the results of this paper will be quite difficult to replicate from the paper's description. In particular, the description of the tasks is missing here; since the code for the tasks in the original NTM paper has not been published, and there is no "standard" version of the tasks, it is very important that the paper carefully describes the structure of the tasks. I would also request that the authors commit to publishing the code for their experiments. 2: Where will it fail? Does it always work? The authors often refer to their model as smooth, but remember that the argmax (or k-argmax) operation is not smooth. With $K=1$, only in the reading setting, their models perform as well as the MemNN-WSH in http://arxiv.org/pdf/1503.08895.pdf (although that model does not use hashing), and that model is reported to perform less well than the fully smooth model. Is this due to $K=1$? Or the tasks? I think this paper would have been more valuable if some failure cases had been analyzed and some discussion had been done about what kind of tasks/setup allows their training to be effective: their model is creating an isolated action, and they are training without considering (as opposed to http://arxiv.org/abs/1511.07275). I think they are getting results this way, it is a good contribution, but it would be better to understand its limitations. Also, I would suggest that the authors remove paragraph 3.6, and I would also suggest that the authors not call omni-glott data "non-synthetic" or "real-world".