This paper presents a spectral analysis using the Kupman operator defined in Hilbert space, which is a well-defined and reproducible kernel. They then follow a standard approach to define a set of methods (kernel) for analyzing nonlinear dynamic systems using empirical data. The eigenvalue decomposition of the Kupman operator's projection enhances some skills in both synthetic and real data analysis problems. This paper presents an important kernel construction for analyzing nonlinear dynamic systems. The contribution is well-motivated and experimentally valid. However, there are some concerns that I hope the authors can address: the differences between what is presented here and the papers by M.O. Williams, I.G. Keeverockdis, and C.W. Rowley [35] (hopefully substantial) are not clear to me. An empirical approximation of the Kupman operator: expanding dynamic mode decomposition. Journal of Nonlinear Science, 25:1307–1346, 2015, where Kupman eigenvalues, eigenfunctions, and modes were already presented for analyzing nonlinear system dynamics. I would appreciate some comments and discussions that point out and clarify the key differences, as well as an improved discussion on section 4. The field of nonlinear dynamic systems analysis with kernels is vast, and some relevant references are missing; the authors can refer to the papers by L. Ralayivola and F. D'Alche, Tui et al., Roso-Alvarez et al., M. Muattamid and R. Shabak, or M.O. Franz and B.B. Scholkof. Although the Kupman operator is generally defined for a deterministic system, I would expect some comments on the performance of stochastic settings, which are ultimately important/realistic. The authors briefly touched on this issue, but some further discussion and finally a toy experiment would be welcome. The authors (line 216, page 5) clarified this comment that "the estimation method does not require a sequence but a collection of pairs of continuous observations, where each pair" is non-linear pointwise related. Ultimately, I am curious about the impact of this approximation on multidimensional time series with weak pointwise relationships: what will we get with the proposed kernel construction? Can you discuss this? In connection with this, I would appreciate it even more if the authors could elaborate on the underlying causal approximation in the setting. In the case of experimental settings, I sincerely do not think they are very ambitious: the proposed method primarily follows a standard well-known method of predicting through priming, the method proposed under the subsection "Embedding and Recognition of Dynamics" and (lack of) discussion on the connection between (and not mentioning experimental comparisons) the (large) clustering time series literature (such as kernel K-means and related subspace kernel methods) and when it comes to sequential change-point detection tests, it would be more interesting to see a comparison with state-of-the-art online change detection with kernels (as the authors used the test that is known to fail in complex dynamics). It is expected to support the development of some more reliable tests. * Small mistake: The paper is very well written and clear. I just found two small typos: please check the indices of tau-1 vs tau and replace the dot with a comma in k(xi.xj) (last equation on p7)