The manuscript titled "Kuppman Spectral Analysis of Nonlinear Dynamical Systems with Reproducing Kernels" extends Dynamical Mode Decomposition (DMD) to Reproducing Kernel Hilbert Spaces (RKHS). Consequently, the algorithm (KDMD) has been applied to several small problems. It allows the use of feature maps as a definition of the kernel, so that DMD can be further associated with specific features of interest; this then becomes a powerful generalization of DMD. My main concern is that the paper is really difficult to read. Even for a few general concepts, the authors have emphasized mathematical writing, where short sentences would have been sufficient. On the other hand, some sections are actually overly wordy. This can make it difficult for experts to understand and should clarify a few points. It is very incomprehensible for publication in the proceedings of the Neural Information Processing Systems Conference, but I encourage the authors to rewrite it in a more educational way; consequently, the article should actually be widely cited. Referee Report: Kuppman Spectral Analysis of Nonlinear Dynamical Systems with Reproducing Kernels. The manuscript titled "Kuppman Spectral Analysis of Nonlinear Dynamical Systems with Reproducing Kernels" extends Dynamical Mode Decomposition (DMD) to Reproducing Kernel Hilbert Spaces (RKHS). Consequently, the algorithm (KDMD) has been applied to several small problems. It allows the use of feature maps as a definition of the kernel, so that DMD can be further associated with specific features of interest; this then becomes a powerful generalization of DMD. My main concern is that the paper is really difficult to read. Even for a few general concepts, they have emphasized mathematical writing, where short sentences would have been sufficient. On the other hand, some sections are actually overly wordy. This can make it difficult for experts to understand and should clarify a few points. It is very incomprehensible for publication in the proceedings of the Neural Information Processing Systems Conference, but I encourage the authors to rewrite it in a more educational way; consequently, the article should actually be widely cited. I. Main Comments: Please see my main comments in the following sections: 1. The presentation is really overly wordy, where it could have been simplified. For example: "Conceptually, DMD can be considered as an approximate form of the Kuppman eigenfunctions, which are a set of observable linear monomials as basis functions, similar to one-term Taylor expansions at each point." This could easily be summarized in a short and simple sentence. 2. Section 4 is actually useless in a short paper and (partially) discussed in the introduction. 3. Section 5 should have been illustrated, or summarized in the conclusion. 4. Section 6 should have been made like Section 5! It is too much of a summary. II. Secondary Comments: My other secondary comments are: 1. There is probably a typo in the description of the toy NL case, as it is actually linear. 2. The first two problems are actually polynomials. This was where KDMD should have been bright - when the kernel can be estimated, as in 1. More detailed information should have been given, as is actually in Section 5. References 1 Steven L. Brunton, Bingney W. Brunton, Joshua L. Proctor, J. Nathan Koets, "Finite Linear Representations of Nonlinear Dynamical Systems for Kuppman Invariance Subspaces and Controls," http://arxiv.org/abs/1510.03007v2, (2015)