In the present article, the authors have performed a spectral analysis of the Kupman operator in kernel Hilbert space regeneration and developed an algorithm to perform this analysis based on measurement data from a dynamic system. The Kupman operator is a concept in fluid dynamics, and the authors believe it is relevant to machine learning. The authors demonstrate the algorithm and analysis using two common dynamic systems – a blocked linear 1D dynamics and a chaotic map. They apply their method to real-world locomotion data and compare performance with standard dynamic mode decomposition, PCA, and kernel PCA, which yield somewhat ambiguous results. This article provides an interesting extension of dynamic mode decomposition, similar to older work on "kernelizing" techniques in terms of linear operators (such as kernel PCA, kernel ICA, kernel independence tests, GP bandit, etc.). The authors primarily provide some experimental results on artificial problems. The article is written clearly overall, and has educational value for those unfamiliar with the concepts used in fluid dynamics. I generally support work that introduces machine learners to techniques from various branches. Here, it seems to be a decomposition technique for functions from M to M, which is used to create a dynamic system (without any stochastic components). I am personally not aware of using such setups in machine learning (usually, people use dynamic systems where random effects play a role, such as innovation and noise), but I might be missing something. In the current context, I think the authors need to do more work to explain the practical applicability of these techniques to ML readers. What are the potential use cases? Can you compete in some areas with cutting-edge technology there? An ML branch where estimation and learning are important in dynamic systems, and where a lot of work has been done, is robotics. What will Kupman analysis buy someone working in robotics? Or please choose another domain. And although the theoretical justifications are well-established, I am not very surprised by any of them, given my knowledge of kernel PCA or kernel ICA, or the follow-up work of kernel independence tests or even the "kernel basis rule". You have a linear operator, and you can do a nice job if the functions are in an RKHS. You will end up with algorithms that do some kind of eigendecomposition on finite-D matrices. Some details: It is not very clear to me whether modal decomposition algorithms require explicit representations in feature space. If so, this is a limitation compared to kernel PCA, and the authors should make this clearer. It would be good if the authors demonstrate the difference in this common setup by showing the performance of standard dynamic mode decomposition on toy examples and Henon maps.