The authors present an analysis for a class of Monte Carlo tree search algorithms that use any no-regret selection method (with some mild restrictions). Their primary theoretical contribution is a proof of the convergence of epsilon-Nash in the case of sequential steps.

One weakness is that this convergence is asymptotic (no rate given), which is a necessary consequence of the authors' analysis, as the selection method is assumed to be epsilon-Nash-compliant only. This is not particularly detrimental, as, to my knowledge, there is no proof of the convergence of the MCTS method for wide-form games with sequential steps.

However, I think the rate is important, as we know that backward ascent will give us a correct balance. Do the authors know what rate is achieved by assuming a specific regret rate for the selection method, for example, using \sqrt{T} guaranteed by exp?

The authors draw their conclusions through some experimentation. They compare the standard method of propagating the average reward value used in their analysis with the current sample value propagation method. They found that the average values perform slightly worse experimentally. Finally, they try to extract some insights experimentally on the convergence rate.

Conclusion: This is a well-written paper that is technically sound. I have slight doubts about the final significance of the work due to the lack of a convergence rate. On the one hand, the MCTS method is known to work well in practice, so even if the rate does not come from the authors' analysis, establishing asymptotic convergence is a good first step. On the other hand, the convergence results for MCTS with sequential steps are already known, so the result seems slightly incremental.

Flaws
Figure 1: leafs --> leaves
Line 144: Negative, not "inverted", right?
Line 10 of Algorithm 1: I think (a1,a2) should be (i,j), or possibly (\sigma1,\sigma2). This is particularly confusing, as a_{i,j} was introduced as a symbol for the payoff of a single-stage matrix game.
Line 172: It seems that symbolic errors from (i,j) to a's may continue throughout the paper. I will stop mentioning them, but they should be edited. It was a well-written paper that I enjoyed reading. I have some doubts about its impact due to the lack of a convergence rate in the analysis.