This proposal suggests an algorithm for global optimization of decision trees by redefining the problem (latent) as structured prediction. Latent structured variables are sine vectors that encode the decisions taken at each internal node of the tree.

A non-differentiable and non-convex loss is proposed, which is then approximated by a differentiable (but still non-convex) upper bound.

To reduce this loss through SDG, a sequence of loss-augmented estimation problems must be solved, for which an efficient algorithm is provided. Some experiments comparing this method with a standard grid training method have been shown.

The main contribution of this work is to present global DT optimization as structured prediction and to create an efficient algorithm for optimizing the objective.

The method for doing this is new and interesting, and it raises some important questions.

However, I have some concerns regarding some practical considerations - especially the purpose of the method and how it is significantly more efficient than easier methods.

Considering DTs as the only method for global optimization, this method is interesting in several ways.

The first advantage of presenting optimization as structured prediction is that a sequence of loss-augmented optimization problems can be solved by exploiting the special structure of the problem.

However, I think the most interesting result of this method is that the gradient updates are sparse - if I'm not mistaken, only one node's weight vector changes at each gradient step.

This proposal primarily presents itself as a computational advantage, but I think this feature creates more interesting possibilities that are not specifically mentioned in the paper.

One might think of optimizing over an infinitely deep tree, first setting all the weights to zero, and then gradually increasing the tree by making more weights non-zero, which naturally fits the model to the data.

This raises some interesting questions: for example, would such a method prove to be equivalent to or a transformation of any known grid strategy?

This might be the case if it is seen that it is always better to introduce new nodes than to change the weights of old nodes.

Or, with appropriate regularization, would such a method converge on a tree of a limited number of nodes (as shown in Figure 2)?

I think this makes the proposed method more valuable than general DTs and should probably be analyzed more carefully than the current analysis in the paper.

For example, an important point remains unclear: what happens if a node's weight is equal to zero?

The discussion on page 3 suggests that we will take the correct branch, which seems like a questionable choice.

It seems that it would be better to give a decision output at this node; later, we can decide to make this weight non-zero, which is consistent with splitting the node.

It is important to define exactly what is happening here, as it has a direct similarity with pruning strategies for grid training.

I have a significant practical concern about the purpose of this work.

In particular, I would say that general DTs are fundamentally useful as long as they are interpretable; if the requirement of interpretable is removed, it is generally better to use other methods, which usually provide better performance.

As mentioned, I would expect this method to produce non-interpretable results, since L2 regularization will create a dense weight vector.

Although switching to L1 regularization may be helpful, it is also possible that if we are forced to regularization at a stage where exactly a 1-sparse split is created, performance may decrease.

So, this definitely needs to be tested.

My other main concern is that the experiments do not discuss the other baselines in sufficient detail.

No description of which pruning strategy was used for the simple method is given.

Since a range of regularization parameters has been tried for the proposed method, I would expect that the simple method would be tried in the same way using a few different pruning strategies and/or parameters.

I think it would be fair to try some more trivial strategies for global optimization, such as training a grid method with a random subset of training data and choosing a method that reduces the desired loss in a complete training or validation set.

For clarity, the paper is reasonably well written. My only comment is that the parts describing the assumptions could have been clearer.

For example, section 6.2 can be summarized to say that the objective is first maximized for all Gs for a specific page, which is then maximized for all pages.

Section 6.4 could also be a little clearer.

In summary, I think this is a very clever method that raises some very interesting questions.

However, it is not clear at the moment whether it is a practically effective method, as there is a lack of detailed information in the above-mentioned explanation problem (if they are not interpretable, why use general DTs in the first place?) and the experiments.

P.S.: Although Forest is mentioned in the title, the paper does not discuss this problem.

Re-reading the comments
I still think the zero weight problem is an important problem that deserves further analysis, because of the reasons I mentioned in my review.

After re-reading, it seems that the weights probably started randomly, which is why this problem is not seen in practice.

However, I think what will really make this method interesting is that the weights will initially be zero and gradually increase.

I encourage the authors to consider this aspect. This proposal suggests a clever redefinition of global optimization of decision trees as structured prediction, as well as an efficient algorithm for optimization solutions. However, some aspects of the purpose of the work and the experimental results are not so convincing.