This paper studies the problem of submodular maximization in streaming and robustness settings. In this setting, the goal is to find the highest-value k elements from a small number of elements retained during the stream, where m items can be removed after the stream. Streaming submodular maximization has been extensively studied because it has large-scale applications where only a small number of passes are suitable for data. Recently, robustness has also attracted some attention and is inspired by scenarios where some elements can be removed and the goal is to obtain solutions that are robust to such removal. This paper is the first to jointly consider the problem of streaming and robust submodular maximization.

The authors develop the STAR-T algorithm, which retains O ((m log k + k )log^2 k) elements after the stream and achieves a robust, stable (0.149) approximation guarantee when removing m elements. This algorithm combines partitioning and thresholding techniques for submodular optimization that uses buckets. Similar ideas using buckets were used in previous work for robust submodular optimization, but here the bucket is filled in a different way. It has been experimentally shown that this algorithm performs well in impact maximization and movie recommendation applications, even against streaming algorithms that already know which elements have been removed.

With both streaming and robustness aspects, the problem setting is challenging, and achieving a stable factor approximation is a robust result. However, there are several aspects of the paper that could be improved. It would be good if there were some non-trivial lower bounds to complement the upper bound. The writing of the analysis could also be improved; the authors mention a "novel analysis" but do not elaborate on what is new, and it is difficult to extract the main ideas and steps of the analysis from the proof sketch. Finally, the impact maximization application could also be more convincing. For experiments, the authors use a very simplified objective for impact maximization that only includes the size of the neighborhood of the seed nodes. It is unclear how the traditional impact maximization objective, where the value of the function depends on the entire network for any set of seed nodes, can fit into the streaming setting.