The authors present a scheme for semantic labeling and object recognition. The first is accomplished by creating potential segments and extracting features for them; and then a regression is performed based on the intersection-over-union overlap ratio between a potential segment and pixel-accurate ground truth. In the case of object recognition, only weak labels are found in terms of bounding boxes, and a specific spatial extension is used as a latent variable. The regression is performed using a weighted SVM and a weighted adaptive SVM. The results are equivalent to the most advanced methods of semantic labeling and are currently the most well-known for object recognition in VOC 2007.

Basics:
The algorithmic novelty is limited, and the authors unfortunately do not mention relevant previous work. In particular, weighted SVMs are well-known (e.g., [R1,R2,R4] below, not cited). The authors impose a sum constraint on the weights, which is probably new (I did not search the extensive literature here). The "latent e-SVM" that the authors propose is a weighted version of an adaptive SVM (e.g., [R3], not cited).

References:
* [R1] Shenkenous et al. Weighted List Squares Support Vector Machine: Robert, Neurocomputing, 2002
* [R2] X. Yang et al. Weighted Support Vector Machine for Data Classification, IJCNN, 2005
* [R3] V. Vapnik, "Statistical Learning Theory", 1998
* [R4] M. Lapin et al., Learning Using Privileged Information: SVM + and Weighted SVM, Neural Networks, 2014

Significance:
Overcoming recent CNN results through "conventional" learning methods is an achievement and a matter of great interest to the community.

Quality:
Important references to previous work are absent (see above). Several engineering aspects are involved in the object recognition framework, but it is not beyond the reach of the general. The default method for regression in the unit interval (regular) is logistic regression, so these results should be reported as a baseline in support of using sum-constraint weighted SVMs. The authors will provide more detailed information on how they selected the regularization coefficients \lambdaW and \lambdaR. The main strength of this paper is good empirical results.

Clarity:
The title and abstract do not adequately summarize the paper's main contribution. The abstract further suggests that regression goals from unit intervals are somehow less informative than binary class membership alone. This is not true, as the latter can always be obtained from the former through thresholding. For NIPS readers, the paper spends quite a bit of space on minor variations of well-known algorithms (up to page 4) and goes a little quickly into detailed descriptions of important feature engineering (starting from line 254).

Small Comments:
Line 19: Continued => Continuous
Line 94: Box => Box
Line 98: AP: The abbreviation is not presented
Line 350: SVM => SVC
Line 350: With each different value => For all threshold values
-----

I have increased my quality score by one point, assuming that the authors will not be defensive about the relationship with previous work, but will comment extensively on it and its connections. Excellent results, flawed references to previous work, slight algorithmic novelty. A paper that should definitely be published, perhaps after some rewriting, and possibly at a computer vision conference.