This paper presents a learning reduction for extreme classification, where the output space of a multiclass classification is expanded to cover a wide range of classes up to 100k.

Many extreme classification methods rely on estimating a tree structure within the output label, such as in hierarchical softmax, which only requires logarithmic number of binary predictions to estimate the output class, or a label embedding method that can be efficiently learned through linear-square or sampling. The authors point out the problems of these methods: the assumed latent tree may not be optimal and can lead to cascading errors, and the label embedding method can lead to prediction errors when the actual label matrix is not low-rank.

An alternative method is to reduce extreme classification for paired binary classification. The authors work on the second framework and present a scalable sampling-based method that has a theoretical guarantee of consistency with the original multiclass ERM formulation.

Experiments conducted on 5 text datasets compare the method with several competing methods (including the standard one-to-all classification when it is computationally feasible), which show that the method is generally superior in terms of accuracy and F1 when the number of classes exceeds 30k and it trains faster using much less memory, although it is somewhat worse in terms of prediction speed.

The aggressive double sampling reduction is controlled by two parameters, one of which controls the sampling frequency of each class, which is inversely proportional to the experienced class frequency to avoid completely missing classes in the long run. The second parameter determines the number of examples to draw equally. This method is repeated to train the final diadic classifier.

When making predictions, the estimate becomes complex due to the difficulties of creating paired features with all possible classes. A heuristic is used to identify candidate classes by creating a centroid representation of the input space of each class, where only predictions are made through a series of paired classes with those candidates.

The theoretical analysis of the reduction is complex, as reducing diadic binary classification from multiclass changes the sum of independent random variables added to the sum of diadic examples with a specific dependency structure. Another complexity arises from oversampling of rare classes, which shifts the experienced distribution. This involves dividing the sum of dependent examples based on the graph structure induced by the construction of examples in the proof by several sums of independent variables and using density equality for partially dependent variables as introduced by Jensen. Although the boundary on finite-sample risk is affected by the ratio of the probability of oversampled classes to the probability of the actual classes, these biases decrease linearly with the size of the sample and resample training set. The analysis seems correct, but I have not verified the proof in detail.

Overall, this paper presents a powerful method for extreme classification, which has small memory and computational requirements and improved performance, especially on the largest datasets. The binary reduction algorithm seems theoretically sound, attractive, and useful for practitioners.