Thank you for this interesting article.

This paper proposes an information geometric (IG) approach for the f-GAN algorithm. It first shows that f-GAN converges in the parameter space using a 1-1 mapping of the divergence between f-divergence and chi-divergence, and the Bregman divergence result. It then discusses an appropriate way to implement f-GAN. Finally, in the main text, it provides a factorization result for deep neural network representation and discusses the selection of activation functions, which have a 1-1 mapping to the chi (or f) function. I didn't examine every detail in the appendix, but I think the proof (except for theorem 8, which I didn't have time to read) is correct.

I think this paper is very well written and contains several new results that may be of interest to machine learning and information theory. In particular, I am impressed by the demonstration of theorem 4, which explains the IG part of the story for f-GAN. Therefore, I think this paper is clearly acceptable.

However, I think this paper may be too difficult for those who do not know much about the relationship between IT and IG (at least the simplest relationship that KL can be mapped to Bregman divergence for an exponential family and Fenchel dual content). Many deep learning engineers may be such individuals, and they are also the main audience for GAN papers. Therefore, the following are my suggestions that could potentially further clarify the paper:

1. I like figure 1 in the appendix, which explains the relationship between IT and IG in the context of f-GAN. It could be considered for inclusion in the main text.
2. It might be helpful to clearly state why considering the IG approach might be helpful initially. My understanding is that you can use geometry in the parameter space to discuss the behavior of the optimization. You briefly mentioned it on page 7, which I found a bit late.
3. I am not sure I understand how section 5 relates to f-GAN. I think you only used the distorted exponential family to explain the distribution that can be represented by a deep neural net, thus f-GAN is not a result of optimization results. Yes, I agree that there is a 1-1 correspondence between v, f, and chi, but then you didn't say anything about how this result can help design the f-GAN game, for example, which f divergence should we choose, or given an activation function, which works best in terms of f-GAN objective convergence.
4. Why can phi_l be seen as "deep enough statistics" for theorem 6? I don't think equation (13) is of the form a distorted exponential family?
5. As stated, it might be helpful to consider the running lines 257-269 elsewhere. Also, I think the utility theory part is not directly related to the IG approach, so it might be good to remove that paragraph (you can keep it in the appendix) and leave some space to explain your main results.
6. I think the experiments are not directly related to the main points made in the paper. For example, you can only discuss (a) by taking the results from section 5, which means I don't really need to know the IG approach of f-GAN to implement these new activation functions. Also, for (b) I only need to understand section 4, which is not so closely related to the IG approach of f-GAN. In particular, your results for WGAN may be misleading and confusing, as this paper is mainly about f-GAN, and I actually spent some time searching for sentences (lines 227-228) about WGAN.

In summary, while this paper provides several useful results and in-depth derivations, I think the content is not organized in a crystal-clear way. Instead, it seems that the results of many papers are being squeezed into an 8-page NIPS submission. So while I support the acceptance, I think this paper needs editing to make the claims clearer and more consistent.