This article proposes a consolidation method for transforming a growing clustering network into a hierarchical community. The previous (possibly non-binary) tree and algorithm structure is largely unchanged from previous work on Bayesian rose trees [12]. The possibility of managing networks has been modified in a simple way, and sufficient statistics can still be efficiently cached with further work. The presentation is very clear and compares the best of the experiments with a baseline model with a flat community structure, but there is no opportunity to compare it with other hierarchical network models.

Importance and related work:
The paper seems to be well-written and technically sound in general. The presentation of section 3, in particular, is complex; I wonder if there is a simpler way to identify and explain the parts based on (9) and above.

Since the comparisons are limited to models that do not incorporate clustering into their underlying structure, the experiments mainly show how clustering modeling is beneficial for relational datasets, but not whether it is better than other existing clustering methods. For example, there are at least two papers that model the underlying hidden community structure in a clustering method. "Multiscale Community Block Model for Network Exploration" (Ho et al. 2012) uses a nested CRP, and "Mondrian Process" (Roy et al. 2009) defines a new stochastic process that creates a clustering structure above as a precursor to the K-D tree. These two Bayesian nonparametric models fail to mention that more sophisticated hidden structures may be able to discover.

Basics and clarity:
The model considered here seems to be a Bayesian rose tree with a standard block-model probability. Thus, the innovations are how this new probability changes the method of repeatedly updating sufficient statistics in greedy consolidation clustering. The probability can be computed in O(nodes + edges) time, which is certainly a nice feature. Unfortunately, a description of this is not very good - there is an indication of dynamic programming before (10), but the description is difficult to understand. Also, regarding the repeated update of sufficient statistics, there are some equations, but they do not help much to understand why they are correct.

Terminology:
The question of whether the term "nonparametric" is appropriate here is questionable - Blundell et al. [12] mentioned the rose tree method in the selection of models and compared them with nonparametric methods in their discussion. I agree with their explanation.

Experiments:
Sampson's qualitative test is good, and it is good to compare it with IRM, which shows the advantages of averaging over many assumptions when forecasting. Again, the biggest limitation is not comparing it with other hierarchical network models. There is some discussion about scalability, but no network tested here is particularly large.

Previous work on Bayesian rose trees effectively combines the stochastic block model probability for networks and generalizes efficient consolidation clustering methods in these situations. It allows for the discovery of effective hierarchical communities in experiments, but there is no opportunity to compare it with other hierarchical network models.