This paper proposes a new model selection criterion for binary latent feature models. It is similar to variational bias, but instead of making a factorized posterior estimate on the latent variables and parameters, it approximately combines the parameters using BIC. They demonstrate improved hold-out likelihood scores compared to several existing IBP implementations.

The proposed method seems to be a reasonable task and is inspired by a potential asymptotic argument. The main advantage over other methods for IBP estimation is that it is consistent with an EM algorithm with some additional computational complexity penalty, which is better than more expensive sampling or variational bias algorithms.

The technical contributions seem new but incremental: they are essentially an extension of the FAB work in [3] and [4].

Some parts of the explanation were confusing because the math seems unclear. In equation (3), the log sum of z values is infinite if all values are zero. Since it has a non-zero probability under any non-degenerate variational distribution q, why isn't the FIC score always infinite?

Proof 2 states that the marginal probability can be "approximately estimated" as something, but what the asymptotic regime or assumptions are is not stated. In particular, how is it assumed that K behaves as N gets larger? Since BIC is applied separately to each component, it seems that a specific finite K is required for the proof, so that the number of activations for each feature goes to infinity. Under the IBP model, the number of components is infinite, and as the amount of data increases, new components will continue to be observed, so assuming a finite K eliminates one purpose of using IBP.

More minor issues: In section 2, pk(X | z{\cdot, k}) should include the data points assigned to the mixing component k, not the entire dataset? In equation (4), there should be an expectation on the left.

In the quantitative results in Table 1, the proposed method achieves higher predictive likelihood scores in less time than alternative methods. Although the FAB ends quickly in some cases, it is not clear how to interpret this result because the stopping criterion is not specified. In particular, when to stop the Gibbs sampler seems to be an arbitrary decision.

The improvements in predictive likelihood are significant, but where does the difference come from? The results would be more credible if there was evidence that the difference was due to the model selection criterion, not because the algorithms get stuck in bad local optima, as the latter probably depends more on the details of the implementation (initialization techniques, etc.). (In some datasets, the Gibbs sampler learned an excessive number of components that created local optima problems, because theoretically it should be calculating exactly the likelihood that the FAB is estimating.)

The proposed method seems meaningful, but somewhat incremental. Some of the math seems a bit unclear. Experimental results show improvements in predictive likelihood when running the method compared to the previous method, but as mentioned above, I don't think enough analysis has been done to be able to interpret these results.