This paper proposes a new approach for learning visual servoing based on Q-learning. The main contributions of this paper are:

1.  A two-linear dynamics model for predicting the next frame (feature) based on the action and the current frame.
2.  Creating servoing using a Q-function to learn the weights for various feature channels.
3.  A refined method for optimizing the Bellman error for Q-function learning.

Advantages:

+ The paper thoroughly discusses various ways to connect action (ut) and frame representation (yt) to the prediction of the next frame's feature (y_{t+1}). They argue in favor of a locally connected two-linear model, which balances computation and expressiveness.

Disadvantages:

- Although, good arguments have been made for various choices in section 4, I wanted to see more experimental results comparing the 3 methods: fully connected, convolutional, and locally connected dynamics.

Advantages:

+ The idea of weighting different channels to capture the importance of objects in different channels seems more effective than considering errors equally across all channels. This is also experimentally proven, where unweighted performance is consistently worse.
+ Solving the Bellman error in the Q-learning method is a difficult problem. The current paper presents a difficult optimization scheme that is based on the main observation that the Q-function parameter scaling does not affect the best policy. This enables a more refined FQ method compared to the general optimization scheme, where (ct + \gamma minu Q_{t+1}) remains constant.

Disadvantages:

- However, I wanted to see the difference between FQ and similar iterative methods, where the second term of equation 5 remains constant.

Experimental Results:

- Overall, considering small-scale and toy simulations, I do not find the experimental results satisfactory. However, the lack of benchmarks in this area should be acknowledged.
- Also, as mentioned in the pre-review section, the concept of VGG change needs to be experimentally verified. In its current form, it is not clear whether the modified VGG will perform better than the original version.

Overall, the contributions of this paper are strong in terms of technical novelty and problem formulation. However, the paper could have used more robust tests previously proposed to strengthen its claims.