This research paper proposes a new method for time-sensitive recommendations based on user activity. It differs from existing methods because it addresses the problem of changing user preferences over time. The paper also focuses on predicting the user's next return time. Learning is achieved using an efficient optimization algorithm proposed by the authors. The experimental section shows results on a synthetic data set to demonstrate that learning is efficient on two real data sets of large scale and modest size.

First, is the problem of changing user preferences over time really that widespread? Analyzing real data sets from experiments would be great to make this claim. If so, is it mostly changing because new popular songs come out? Or is there another pattern?

What is the motivation for predicting the user's next return time? Could you please motivate it before claiming it as a contribution to a research paper? How can a web company use this prediction and for what?

I believe there are some simple baselines that have not been tested for predicting the next return time: 1) Last time delay 2) Most frequent time delay. Furthermore, I think predicting the user's actual return time is very challenging. Instead, I will focus on a simpler task that is easier to predict. For example, predicting whether the user will have a short delay (1-5 days), a medium delay (5-14 days), a long delay (14-33 days), or a very long delay (>33 days) before using our service again.

Experimental section: It was difficult for me to understand how significant the performance improvement is compared to the SVD. Is it unprecedented (order of magnitude) or modest? Will the user feel the difference? How will these recommendations compare to recommending popular items? In many cases, it is a difficult baseline to beat, especially if popular items are recalculated every day.

Small comments:
1) Typo in the last paragraph on page 3: "and is abel to capture", abel -> able
2) In the first paragraph of section 2, you start mentioning retweet and link building in social networks without any context. The change of context was misleading. It is best to rephrase it. The research paper solves two problems: time-sensitive recommendations and user return time, without any real motivation as to why these problems are relevant and what the impact of solving them will be. Many baselines and analyses are missing (details below). Furthermore, overall fine/marginal research paper.