General Comment:

This paper discusses the relationship between part-of-speech tags (PoS tags) and word embeddings. Specifically, the authors have reached some interesting (if somewhat simplistic) conclusions regarding the consistency of PoS tags using word embeddings and the clear connection between PoS tags and word vector representations. Detailed error analysis (external validation of classification) is certainly a strong point of this paper.

However, the paper seems to be missing an important core point: why were the BNC-like corpora primarily tagged with PoS tags? In contrast to a pure linguistic investigation of morphosyntactic categories (which is supported by a semantic prototype theory - see Croft, 1991), these corpora were created and tagged to facilitate further NLP tasks, especially parsing. The entire discussion could then be rearranged to consider whether the differences created by distributional vectors are more beneficial for parsing than the core tags (or UPOSs).

Also, the paper is missing much of the related work in the context of introducing distributional PoS. I suggest starting with Christodoulooulos and others' 2010 review, and adding some more recent non-DNN work, including Blanসাম and Kohon (2011), Yatbaz and others (2012). In light of this work, the results of section 5 are not very new (there are systems that have more limitations in external knowledge and achieve comparable results).

Specific Problem

One of the contributing findings in summary is that "distributional vectors contain information related to PoS tags." If I am not misunderstanding the sentence, this is not a new result, especially for English: every distribution-based PoS tag introducing system that presents a "many-to-one" or "cluster purity" number over the past 15 years shows the same results.

The statement in lines 79-80 ("the relationship between vectors... is mostly semantic") is not correct: <MIKOLOV or COLOBERT> 's paper (and subsequent work) shows that these vectors contain a lot of syntactic information. See also the previous comment about the cluster purity score. In fact, you changed that statement at the beginning of section 2 (lines 107-108).

Why go to UPOS? Surely the nuances of the core tagset are more interesting.

I don't understand footnote 3. Were these failed attempts made by you or by someone else? Under what criteria did they fail? What about Brown cluster vectors? They are almost perfectly aligned with UPOS tags.

Is the observation "noun terms are not like common noun terms" (lines 331-332) very interesting? Doesn't the existence of "the" (the most frequently used function word) almost single-handedly explain this difference?

Although I understand the practical reasons for using the most frequently used word/tag pair analysis, it would be interesting to see what happens in the case of vectors and the type of error the classifier makes.

You can then try to imagine alternatives to pure distributional (and morphosyntactic - since you are lemmatizing) features that would allow for a better generalization of PoS tags for these less frequent words.

Minor Problem

Change the sentence references to \newcite{}: e.g., "Mikholov and others (2013b) showed"