This paper describes four methods for obtaining multilingual word embedding and a modified QVEC metric to evaluate the effectiveness of these embeddings. The embedding methods are:

(1) Multicluster: Maps words into multilingual clusters using a dictionary. Then, cluster embeddings are obtained, which act as embeddings for words in each cluster.

(2) MulticCA: Extends the method presented by Farooqi and Dyer (2014) for embedding bilingual words into multilingual words using English embedding as an anchor space. Then, projections are obtained from other monolingual embeddings for words in other languages using other_language -> English.

(3) Multiskip: Extends the method presented by Luong et al. (2015b) for embedding using source and target context (through alignment) into multilingual domains. In this case, the objective function is extended to include elements from all available parallel corpora.

(4) Translation Invariance: A low-rank decomposition of the word PMI matrix is used, which includes bilingual alignment frequency elements. This can only work for bilingual embeddings. The evaluation method uses CCA to maximize the relationship between word embeddings and potentially manually generated linguistic data. Basis vectors are obtained for the alignment dimension, which creates a score that is invariant to rotation and linear transformations. The proposed method also extends this for multilingual evaluation.

In general, the paper is well-written and clearly describes the work. A few key problems:

(1) What is the new contribution of Gardner et al.'s translation invariance embedding method compared to other embedding methods? A few lines explaining its novelty might help if it is an enhanced version of multilingual embedding.

(2) Using super-sense annotations across multiple languages is a problem. The number of features in the intersection of multiple languages can become too small. How do the authors propose to solve this problem (beyond footnote 9)?

(3) How much does the score coverage affect in Table 2? For example, the scores for Multicluster and MulticCA are close for dependency parsing, but the coverage numbers are significantly different.

(4) In general, the results in Table 3 do not tell a consistent story. Essentially, for most underlying metrics, multilingual embedding techniques do not seem to perform the best. Since one of the primary goals of this paper was to create embeddings that perform well under word translation metrics (interlanguage), it is disappointing that the method that performs the best (so far) is the invariance method. It is also strange that the multi-cluster method, which abandons inter-cluster (word and language) semantic information, performs the best in the case of external metrics.

Other questions for the authors:

(1) What is the performance loss when fixing word embeddings in the dependency parsing task? What was the advantage of using these embeddings as an alternative to random embeddings in the LSTLM stack parser?

(2) Is Table 1 an average over the 17 embeddings described in section 5.1?

(3) Is there any advantage to using the Multiskip method instead of learning bilingual embeddings and MulticCA to learn projections in independent spaces?

(4) The dictionary extraction method (alignment from parallel corpora or Google Translate) may not reflect the challenges of using real dictionaries. Have you used any real multilingual dictionaries?