This paper proposes two dictionary-based methods for multilingual word embedding estimation, one inspired by clustering (multiclustering) and the other by Canonical Correlation Analysis (Multivariate PCA).

Additionally, a hypersense similarity measure is proposed that replaces component relations with CCA compared to Quivic, and improves multilingual evaluation by considering multilingual assessment.

The authors' web portal is used to evaluate a wide range of work; it has been shown that in some cases, the proposed presentation method surpasses the other two baselines.

I think the paper is very well written and presents a significant amount of work. The presentation-learning and evaluation methods are certainly timely. I also appreciate the authors for carefully documenting the work.

However, my general feeling about this paper is that it is (probably) very broad rather than in-depth. I would like to see a more thorough discussion of the results (such as conflicting results for multiclusters between the 59- and 12-language setups; the parameters of the estimation on multiclusters/CCA and the impact of the conclusions). So, I think the paper has high practical value for me and the research community (improved Quivic measurement, web portal), but I didn't learn much from reading it, that is, in terms of the research questions discussed and answered.

Below are some more specific comments.

It would be reasonable to include correlation results for monolingual Quivic and Quivic-CCA (Table 1). Above all, l.326--328 says that the proposed Quivic-CCA is an improvement over Quivic.

Small details:
l. 304: "Combination of several cross-linguistic word similarity datasets" -> This sounds like they are of different natures, whereas they are actually the same type, just different languages, right?
p. 3: Two equation columns cross the margin
When mentioning multiclustre baselines on lines 121 and 147, only Coulmance et al and Guo et al are mentioned, but only Luong et al is mentioned in section 2.3. So, what is the relationship between these works?

Although I think the paper has done a reasonable justice in citing related work, there are some more relevant works that could be included:

Multilingual Embedding and Clustering:
Chander A P, S., Lauly, S., Larochell, H., Khapra, M. M., Ravindran, B., Raikar, V. C., and Saha, A. (2014). An autoencoder method for learning bilingual word representation. In NIPS.
Hill, F., Cho, K., Jin, S., Devin, C., and Bengio, Y. (2014). Word similarity embedding with neural machine translation. arXiv preprint arXiv:1412.6448.
Lu, A., Wang, W., Bansal, M., Gimple, K., and Livescu, K. (2015). Deep multilingual relations for improved word embedding. In NAACL.
Farooqi, M., and Dyer, C. (2013). An information theoretical method for bilingual word clustering. In ACL.

Multilingual Training of Embedding for Improved Source-Language Embedding:
Suster, S., Titov, I., and Van Nord, G. (2016). Bilingual learning of multi-sense embedding with discrete autoencoders. In NAACL-HLT.
Guo, J., Che, W., Wang, H., and Liu, T. (2014). Learning sense-specific word embedding using bilingual resources. In COLING.

More broadly, translational contexts have been explored, such as:
Diab, M., and Resnik, P. (2002). A unsupervised method for word sense tagging using parallel corpora. In ACL.