- Strengths:
The paper is well-written and easy to understand. The methodology and results are appealing.
- Weaknesses:
The evaluation and resulting findings can be problematic (see my comments below).
- General Discussion:
This paper proposes a system for end-to-end argumentation mining using neural networks. The authors model the problem using two methods: (1) Sequence Labeling (2) Dependency Parsing. The paper also includes experimental results for the Sequence Labeling method using a multitasking learning setting. The paper clearly explains the purpose behind the proposed model.
Existing methods are based on ILP, manual feature engineering, and manual design of ILP constraints. However, the proposed model avoids such manual efforts. Furthermore, the model jointly learns the subtasks of argumentation mining and thus avoids the error back propagation problem in the pipeline method.
Except for some missing details (mentioned below), the methods are clearly explained.
The experiments are sufficient, the comparisons are accurately made, and the results are appealing. My main concern about this paper is the small size of the dataset and the large capacity of the (Bi)LSTM-based recurrent neural networks (BLC and BLCC) used. There are approximately 320 articles for training and 80 articles for testing in the dataset. However, the size of the development set is not mentioned in the paper (and also in the supplementary materials). This is a cause for concern, as there are very few articles left for training, which is a significant problem. The total number of tags in the training data is likely in the thousands. Compare with the standard sequence labeling task, where a few hundred (sometimes millions) tags are available. For this reason, I am not sure whether the model's parameters have been trained correctly. The paper also does not analyze the overfitting problem. It would be interesting to see the values of the training and development "losses" during training (after each parameter update or each epoch). The authors have provided some information that can be seen as evidence of overfitting: Line 622 "Our explanation is that the tags are simple local models, and therefore they require less training data and have a lower tendency to overfitting".
For the same reason, I am not sure whether the models are stable enough. The average and standard deviation of multiple runs (different parameter initialization) need to be included. Statistical significance tests will provide more information about the stability of the models and the reliability of the results. Without these tests, it is difficult to say whether the proposed method has better results due to its superiority or chance.
I understand that the neural networks used for modeling the tasks use their regularization techniques. However, since the size of the dataset is very small, the authors need to pay more attention to the regularization method. The paper does not mention anything about regularization, and the supplementary materials only briefly mention regularization in LSTM-ER. This problem needs to be properly addressed in the paper.
Consider using a Bayesian optimization method instead of the current hyper-parameter optimization method (described in the supplementary materials). Also, remove information related to pre-trained word embedding and error analysis from the supplementary materials to the paper. An additional page should be sufficient for this.
Please include some inter-annotator agreement scores. The paper describing the dataset contains some relevant information. This information will provide some insight into the performance of the systems and the space available for improvement.
Please consider illustrating Figure 1 with different colors to improve the quality of black and white prints.
Edit:
Thank you for answering my question. I have increased the recommendation score to 4. Please include the F1-score range in your paper and also provide the average and variance of different settings. I am still concerned about the stability of the model. For example, the large variance of the Kiperwasser settings needs to be analyzed correctly. Even the changes in F1 in the range [0.56, 0.61] are relatively large. Including these score ranges in your paper helps to replicate your work.