This work describes a joint neural method for argumentation mining. Several methods are discussed here, some of which are listed below:

1) Considering the problem as a dependency parsing problem (trying different parsers).
2) Considering the problem as a sequence labeling problem.
3) Multi-task learning (based on sequence labeling models).
4) An out-of-the-box neural model for entity and relation labeling (LSTM-ER).
5) An ILP-based advanced model.

All methods are evaluated using F1, which is defined based on concepts and relations. Dependency-based solutions do not work very well, while sequence labeling solutions are effective.

The out-of-the-box LSTM-ER model performs very well, especially at the paragraph level.

Both sequence labeling and LSTM-ER models perform better than ILP methods.

A detailed appendix is provided with all the technical details of the models, including training, hyper-parameter optimization, etc.

It is also shown that sequence labeling models can be greatly improved through multitasking methods (claim helps more than task relation tasks).

This is a thorough exploration of a neural-based method of end-to-end argumentation mining.

- Main Comments:
- One of my concerns about the dataset is that I am thinking that the articles in the training set and test set may be about the same topic, as a result, the authors may use the same or similar arguments in both articles, which may cause information to leak from the training set to the test set. As a result, it may give over-optimistic performance estimates. However, I think there is the same problem for ILP models, so your model has no undue advantage. Still, it may be a topic of discussion.
- My other concern is that one of your best models, LSTM-ER, is actually an out-of-the-box application of related work. However, given the relative success of sequence-based models and all the experiments and useful lessons learned, I think this work deserves to be published.
- Short Comments and Questions:
222 - 226 - I think you are arguing that it is possible to reconstruct the complete graph once you get a tree as output? Still, this part is not entirely clear.
443-444 The hierarchy in this section is sequence labeling -> dependency-based -> MTL. Using sequence labeling, it would have been much easier to follow if the order of the first two were reversed (I forgot what STag_T means when coming here).
455 - What does it mean that it de-couples them but models them jointly (don't they need to be coupled to model them jointly?)
- I saw Miwa and Bansal and I didn't find it.
477 - 479 - It's confusing when you say that your system de-couples relation information from entity information, my best guess is that you mean to say that it learns some tasks as "edges of the tree" and other tasks as "labels of those edges", thus de-coupling them. However, I suggest you clarify this part further. Are F1 scores comparable in paragraph and article settings? Especially for relation tasks. I am thinking that paragraph-based models may default to missing some cross-paragraph relations, because they will never consider them.