This work proposes training RL agents to also perform auxiliary tasks, arguing that this will help models learn more robust features.

They propose two pseudo-control tasks: controlling pixel intensity changes and controlling latent feature activation. They also propose a supervised regression task, which follows a sequence of events to predict an immediate reward. The latter is learned by sampling a transverse sample of an experience replay buffer offline, so that the reward is balanced between seeing or not seeing it with a 1/2 chance.

Such agents perform significantly better in discrete-action-continuous-space RL tasks and achieve baseline performance at 10 times lower frequency.

This work contrasts with traditional "passive" unsupervised or model-based learning. Instead of forcing the model to learn a potentially useless representation of the input, or possibly an impossible (due to partial observability) task-modeling objective, it is better to complement optimal control policies by learning to control the local and internal features of the environment.

To me, this approach provides a very interesting alternative to new and unsupervised learning that takes advantage of the "possibility" of an agent's control over the environment.

The proposed tasks are explained at a fairly high level, which is convenient for intuition, but I think some lower-level details might be useful. For example, the LPC should be explicitly mentioned before reaching the appendix. Otherwise, this work is clear and easily understandable for readers familiar with Deep RL.

The method is correct, on the one hand, the distribution of the best hyperparameters for A3C and UNREALS may differ, but measuring the top-3 also ensures that the best hyperparameters for both A3C and UNREALS are within the explored interval, assuming that the best hyperparameters for each method are found.

I think a weakness of this paper (rather, considering the amount of material that can be placed in a paper, which is extremely necessary for future work) is that there is very little experimental analysis of their (very strong) effects on the performance of auxiliary tasks, in addition to their effects. Similarly, pixel/feature control seems to have the most impact, only A3C+PC loses something else (except UNREALS) in the maze, I think it would have been worth looking at separately or more deeply, rather than measuring performance in RL tasks.