The authors propose a generalization of the Bayesian nonparametric stochastic block model based on classification. This allows for a classification to be inferred based on observed connections between entities, rather than a flat clustering. They propose a learning algorithm based on agglomerative clustering, which selects valid possible partitions of entities to create a tree. They then present empirical results obtained from two corpus of social connection data and conclude that their method is faster and more accurate than the infinite relational model (IRM), a widely used model for this type of task.

I believe this paper discusses an interesting topic that will be of interest to a significant number of NIPS attendees. Technically, Bayesian nonparametric methods are conceptually appealing but often quite slow in practice. On the other hand, social scientists are using sophisticated Bayesian models for data analysis, so a classification-based extension of a popular network-discovery model should be welcomed. This paper discusses both issues.

The key insight is that the marginal probability of data can be efficiently calculated by restricting partitions in accordance with a tree structure. IRM essentially has to consider the exponential number of possible partitions of data. However, I was a bit confused about how the learning method of trees is related to the generative story behind the Bayesian model. Since it is greedy, I don't think it can be seen as making true posterior assumptions on the distribution of trees or finding any kind of MAP or ML inference. But I might be wrong. I would suggest the authors improve the clarity of section 4.

I found the results impressive. In several performance measures (AUC, predictive llh, accuracy), the proposed method performed relatively or slightly better than IRM, which was the closest competitor. While the asymptotic improvements in these scores are not exactly impressive, the claimed runtime is several times faster than the IRM inference.

I think the overall clarity and writing quality could be improved. Firstly, there are some confusing spelling and grammatical errors (e.g., line 126). Secondly, the prose is sometimes difficult to understand. Some ambiguous words have been used in lines 47-50 of the introduction (what is 'local change' in this setting? What does 'iteration' mean? MCMC algorithm iteration?), for example. The authors have not clearly described the content of the dataset (Monastery Network and NIPS authors), which could confuse readers who are not familiar with it. Sometimes I found the math a bit complex and unnecessary, such as equation 5. I also found figure 3 confusing. Due to unfamiliarity with the monastery dataset, it is visually unclear which method is best. Perhaps a dataset that is more familiar to a wider audience would be helpful. Section 4, which presents the main contribution of this paper, had to be read several times to understand.

However, if these problems could be resolved, I believe the proposed method has enough novelty and the results are strong enough to be published.

The authors propose a new model of graph edge structure, which can be seen as a Bayesian version of agglomerative clustering inspired by IRM. I found the core learning algorithm insightful and the experimental results robust, but the writing quality needs improvement. The authors propose a new model of graph edge structure, which can be seen as a Bayesian version of agglomerative clustering inspired by IRM. I found the core learning algorithm insightful and the experimental results robust, but the writing quality needs improvement.