A well-written article with good spelling, grammar, accurate citations, etc. It is far above average here. Although, try not to start sentences with citations in NIPS style. The theory is concise in the section, for example, f() and g() are used throughout the article.

This article discusses the Stochastic Block Model (SBM) and extends a common single-table example of an IRM by incorporating the theory of Bayesian Rose trees. This allows the CRP formulation of IRM to be further simplified by eq (7). Factoring on subtrees is based on learning the Bayesian network structure, as in Section 3 of Koivisto and Sood JMLR 2004, where backward factoring is beautifully done based on the class of selected restricted structures, and thus greedy search, marginal probability, adequate statistics handling, link prediction, etc., can all be done beautifully.

Evaluation for SBM is often done against "gold standard" data where the partition structure is known. Scores like NMI and other clustering metrics can be used for this, where you compare with known clusterings. You report using AUC, and I had to think for a while about how this could be done, since I am familiar with NMI evaluation for SBM. I assume you delete a few links and then guess whether they should be added back. Is this right? However, it needs a lot of explanation. Recent evaluations of SBM are run on larger datasets, which are larger than your complete NIPS, so the small evaluation shown in Figure 4 is good, but it should also be presented for a larger dataset. Comparing with Bayesian non-parametric methods is not enough because there are many published semi-parametric methods, including a few that you mentioned.

The contribution of this algorithm is the agglomeration method, and Table 1 highlights this well.

This article extends a common single-table example of an IRM by incorporating the theory of Bayesian Rose trees. Good clear theory and algorithm, although a simple concept and algorithm. Experimental work is illustrative rather than comparative, so it is not sufficient.