This article proposes an agglomeration approach for transforming a growing clustering network into a hierarchical community. The previous (possibly non-binary) tree and algorithm structure are largely unchanged from previous work on Bayesian rose trees [12]. The probability is modified in a simple way to manage the networks, and sufficient statistics can still be efficiently cached with further work. The presentation is very clear and optimally compares the tests with a baseline model with a flat community structure, but there is no opportunity to compare it with other hierarchical network models.

Importance and related work:
The paper seems to be well-written and technically sound in general. The presentation of section 3 is particularly complex, I wonder if there is a simpler way to identify and explain the parts based on (9) and above.

Since the comparisons are limited to models that do not include clustering in their underlying structure, the tests mainly show how clustering modeling is beneficial for relational datasets, but not whether it is better than other existing clustering methods. For example, there are at least two papers that model the underlying secret community structure in a clustering method. "Multiscale Community Block Model for Network Exploration" (Ho et al. 2012) uses a nested CRP and "Mondrian Process" (Roy et al. 2009) defines a new stochastic process that creates a clustering structure above the K-d tree as its predecessor. These two fail to mention Bayesian nonparametric models that may be able to discover more sophisticated secret structures.

Basics and clarity:
The model considered here seems to be a Bayesian rose tree with a standard block-model probability. So, the innovations are how this new probability changes the method of repeatedly updating sufficient statistics in greedy agglomeration clustering. The probability can be computed in O(Nodes + Edges) time, which is certainly a nice feature. Unfortunately, a description of it is not very good - there is an indication of dynamic programming before (10), but the description is difficult to understand. Also, regarding the repeated update of sufficient statistics, there are some equations, but they do not help much to understand why they are correct.

Terminology:
The question of whether the term "nonparametric" is appropriate here is questionable - Blundell et al. [12] mentioned the rose tree method in the selection of models and compared it with nonparametric methods in their discussion. I agree with their explanation.

Test:
The qualitative test on Sampson is good, and it is good to compare it with IRM that shows the advantages of averaging over many assumptions when predicted. Again, the biggest limitation is the lack of comparison with other hierarchical network models. There is some discussion about scalability, but no network tested here is particularly large.

Previous work on the Bayesian rose tree effectively combines the stochastic block model probability for networks and generalizes efficient agglomeration clustering methods in this situation. It allows for the discovery of effective hierarchical communities in the test, but there is no opportunity to compare it with other hierarchical network models.