This paper applies Richardson-Romburg (RR) extrapolation to Stochastic gradient Languevin Dynamics to reduce bias generated by gradient estimation noise. Consequently, SGRRLD has asymptotically lower bias and MSE than SGLD. Experiments with a synthetic linear Gaussian model demonstrate the benefit of the new algorithm over SGLD. Experiments conducted on Movielens data show slight improvement in test RMSE, but the results are controversial. The literature has shown Richardson-Romburg (RR) extrapolation to improve the convergence rate of Monte Carlo estimates on SDE. This paper applies this technique to the SG-MCMC algorithm and proves that under certain conditions, the convergence rate of SGRRLD is faster than that of SGLD, with the same step size, but at the cost of running two parallel Markov chains. The algorithm description is clear, and the proposed algorithm is quite easy to implement. Synthetic experiments clearly show the clear advantage of SGRRLD in reducing bias in that particular problem. It would be great to see if a simple modification to SGLD would significantly reduce bias, and more real-world data experiments should be conducted to show this. I have not examined the proof details of theorems 1 and 2, but I am curious to know what condition is required for you to satisfy both theorems? Can you be multi-modal? Intuitively, when gradient noise is uncorrelated, the two chains will quickly become uncorrelated even when Gaussian noise is correlated. How will the combination of two chains reduce the order of error? Running on real data experiments, did the authors see a correlation between the two chains? My concern about the experiment setting and real data experiment is that the authors argue that the computation time with parallelization is almost the same as that of SGLD. However, we can also run SGLD with several parallel chains at the same time. If we compare the estimate from 2 chains of SGLD with SGRRLD, can we still see the same improvement in RMSE? Another problem is that in real data experiments, we compare SGRRLD with step size gamma and SGLD with step size gamma. I think we should also compare SGLD with step size gamma/2 in which bias is lower (and run 2 chains in parallel). Also, more real-world data experiments should be conducted.