Stochastic gradient MCMC (SG-MCMC) methods offer an easy way to estimate Bayesian posterior probabilities in large datasets, and they have received a lot of interest from the research community in recent years. One drawback of these methods is that they are asymptotically biased, meaning they do not converge exactly on the posterior distribution. This paper shows that this bias can be mitigated by a technique called Richardson-Romberg extrapolation. The basic idea is very simple: two SG-MCMC chains are run in parallel, with the step size of chain 2 being half the step size of chain 1. Also, chain 2 is run for twice the number of steps compared to chain 1. Gaussian noise injected into the chains is correlated, where α_(k) = (β_(2k-1) + β_(2k))/√2, where α_(k) and β_(k) are the Gaussian noise injected at time step k in chains 1 and 2, respectively. Then, to calculate the expected function f with respect to the target distribution of the chains, the estimate calculated using samples taken from chain 1 is subtracted from the estimate calculated using chain 2. The resulting estimate is shown to have less bias (O_(γ)^2) than the O_(γ) obtained from chain 1 or 2 (where γ is the step size). They also prove a similar reduction in the MSE of the estimates. I like the fact that this method is very simple to understand and implement (see my summary), and it does not require any major changes to the underlying SG-MCMC algorithm. Also, it seems very general and applies to a large class of SG-MCMC algorithms, and therefore is potentially very impactful for the Stochastic gradient MCMC community. Novelty: Although Richardson-Romberg extrapolation is well known in numerical analysis, it is not widely known in the machine learning/Stochastic gradient MCMC community. Clarity: The paper is well written and the presentation is clear. Comments/Questions: - Can this technique be directly applied to all SG-MCMC methods? If not, does the SG-MCMC algorithm satisfy the limit in section 2.2, besides specific conditions: p_(γ)(f) = p_(f) + c * γ + O_(γ)^2? - Can this method be applied to other non-stochastic gradient, but approximate MCMC schemes, such as sub-sampling based on Metropolis-Hastings tests? What about distributed SGLD? - Since one chain has to run twice as long as the other chain, a lot of computation is wasted where the chain with the larger step size remains idle. Instead, is it possible to use 3 chains, one chain with a step size of γ, and two chains with a step size of γ/2 each, and run them all for the same number of steps? Does this increase the variance of the estimate? - Does this method have an extension to step sizes greater than 2? - The noise injected into the chains should be correlated, but I did not quite understand the effect of correlation between mini-batches. Is the variance lowest when the same batch is used for the k-th iteration of chain 1, and the 2k-1^th and 2k^th iterations of chain 2? Or is the effect of this correlation negligible? - I think the matrix factorization experiment (Figure 5) should be run to convergence, and you should also compare it to SGLD. The current plot shows that your method works better than SGLD, but it would be good to show that your method works better than SGLD, in a setting where being Bayesian is beneficial (i.e., better than SGLD). Bayesian matrix factorization is not widely used in practice, so showing some numbers will convince more people to adopt your method. Also, having an SGLD plot as a control will put the final errors of SGRRLD and SGLD in a better perspective. - Although the method is presented in an easy and clear manner, an algorithm box would make the paper more accessible to a wider audience. I believe that many professionals will not read the more theoretical parts, so the pseudocode presented early in the paper will enable readers who are not very familiar with this field to try your method without understanding the more challenging parts.