This paper proposes using a numerical sequence acceleration method (high-order numerical integrator), Richardson-Romberg extrapolation, to improve the convergence of the SG-MCMC algorithm. This requires running two SG-MCMC chains in parallel, injecting different step sizes and correlated Gaussian noise. Convergence of both asymptotic and non-asymptotic properties is provided. Experiments on synthetic Gaussian models verify the biases of the theorems and MSE limits, and experiments on large-scale matrix factorization on real data demonstrate the practical application of the proposed algorithm on standard SGLD. Overall, it is a good paper in terms of the proposed technique and presentation. I think this paper proposes a legitimate contribution to the field of SG-MCMC methods and does a good job of placing this method in the context of similar previous methods. My two main concerns are: (1) The novelty of the paper may be incremental, given that the impact of numerical integrators on SG-MCMC has been analyzed in [10], and the proposed RR extrapolation has been used in [23] for approximating the uninvariant distribution. (2) The practical application of the algorithm may be limited, and there may be a lack of proper comparison in the experiments. This is a parallel implementation of the SG-MCMC algorithm, and the fact that a correlated Brownian motion is used requires communicating two chains in each step. However, it seems that the authors did not consider the communication cost, assuming that there is no cost. It is better to mention this. It is not clear how computing resources are allocated for SGRRLD and SGLD in the experiment. For example, is the single chain of SGLD implemented using the same resource that the two chains of SGRRLD use? If not, it may not be a fair comparison for practical consideration. If yes, the question is how to divide the resource for the two chains of SGRRLD in the algorithm process. The computational cost of SG-MCMC mostly comes from the calculation of the stochastic gradient, I would be surprised how the partial resource use in SGRRLD for gradient calculation on each chain can give less wall-clock time compared to the full resource used in SGLD. Please add more details on the implementation setup. Also, the option is to run two chains of SGLD embarrassingly (without communication), is it possible to compare with this? Minor comments: (1) "Unadjusted Lagwin Algorithm (ULA)" appears twice, lines 25 and 70.