This paper specifically focuses on a convolutional neural network and develops a method of attention-getting parameter training to optimize the network's classification performance. It addresses a crucial problem in computer vision: how complex, deep processing stages can be adaptively reconfigured when limited resources and the need to solve various tasks arise. The classification results are impressive, but the whole thing is a black box – it provides useful guidance for following but does not reveal why the method works. The presentation of the figures is not very informative, and there is no idea what the learned parameters (mean and variance of the theta distribution) are doing. Nevertheless, fixing the parameters after learning this task is a significant step beyond the current paradigm of large, feed-forward networks. The presentation is quite clear, although some equations have typos (or need to be explained better).

Key Comments:

I would like the authors to seriously explore the connection with dynamic systems. The work seems closer to a recurrent network than reinforcement learning. The reward is immediately observed, and the policy is deterministic, so the training involves a traversal through the space of the recurrent "policy" parameter theta to maximize the observed objective function.

The analysis of the network processing of the cat image model did not seem very helpful in understanding how the model's new features help in recognition. Why does the level 1 activity increase in the first iteration? Does it affect the objective function, or is the output unchanged for global scaling? It might be instructive to focus on a small region of the image and analyze the evolution of the getting variable in that region. Also, it would be interesting to look at difficult situations – incorrectly classified by the standard MaxOut network but correctly labeled by the proposed model, or to find out what further limits the effect of the learned model parameters (mean and variance of theta).

Minor Comments:

Algorithm 1 Description: Where is h_M defined? Is it a step in the collection of observations? Are the image fitness values collected in an array or overwritten in the loop over the images (j) in each iteration?
Equation 11: What is the sum? Equation 8 should be indexed by j for a single image?
What do 'x' and 'd' mean after equation 11?
I am not clear why theta regularization is needed, since theta has already been sampled from the previous one and will go towards smaller values. In fact, the last step of optimization (updating the gradient in the parameters after fitting and evaluating theta) is not well explained (how you calculate the gradient) or theoretically justified (you are adjusting the hyper-parameters of the regression on the policies).
Interesting method of creating deep recurrent networks for recognition. Understanding from higher classification accuracy compared to the standard method suggests that recurrent computation helps extract or focus on more complex features of the image, but does not explain why the black box method is effective.