This paper proposes a supervised metric learning approach based on a recently developed "word-mover distance" [19] (a transport distance applied to Word2Vec word embedding). The proposed approach can be applied to any transport distance based on squared Euclidean distance after linear projection. In addition to linear projection learning to maximize performance, the proposed approach also learns the weighting of words. The latter is specific to the application, involving re-weighting the frequency of each word with the learned weights and normalizing the word frequencies again. This paper presents an efficient optimization method for learning the proposed parameterized metric. A thorough experimental evaluation demonstrates the effectiveness of the proposed approach by comparing it to a large number of appropriate baselines based on kNN classifier using the proposed learned metric on several document classification datasets. + This work extends the recently developed word-mover distance, which is a technically interesting and useful extension (shown to be effective on many kNN text classification tasks). - The potential impact is perhaps limited by the fact that the word-mover distance performs similarly to the full learning of the proposed distance with metric learning through "word centroid distance" initialization. See the difference in the last two rows in Table 3. In other words, the main technical contributions of this paper do not contribute much to this initialization method based on existing techniques. - One thing I missed in Table 3 is the evaluation of "word centroid embedding" (weighted mean of word embeddings for documents) with all the tested existing metric learning approaches (ITML, LMNN, NCA). - Another point missed in the evaluation is the assessment of the relative importance of word-specific weights and the projection matrix A. It would be useful to see the performance when each of these components is kept separate. o Originality is mostly related to the way the metric is optimized (lines 156-175), the idea of a linear metric learning within the word-mover distance is very interesting but a limited contribution in itself. + This paper is very well written and enjoyable to read. There are a few minor issues that could be clarified: - Line 152: "Author": Of which paper? [1,7,8] ? - Equation 11: Shouldn't alpha and beta be starred here? - It would be useful to clearly recall around line 170 that this is the sinchorn scaling that is mentioned in line 56 in the introduction.