The authors propose a new method for learning WMD parameters, essentially EMD using word embedding to calculate on text documents, to compute non-to-bin inequalities. The authors parameterize the EMD cost (i.e., ground metric) matrix using the Mahalanobis distance between vector representations. The authors also propose re-weighting some histogram coefficients (see Lebanon's work, and comment below). The authors provide gradients of NCA-type costs for this problem, and compelling experimental evidence. Overall, this paper seems like a good combination of existing techniques, and provides very convincing experimental results. I would support the acceptance. The strength of the paper is its simplicity and relatively straightforward idea, but it is not easy to implement/test. Therefore, the experimental section is a strong part of this paper. Things to improve: Better handle the interaction between regular/non-regular formulations, be more rigorous with the math (the computation/notation is a bit careless), and ideally provide an algorithmic box to more clearly visualize what the authors propose. Some minor comments: - In equation 1, Euclidean distance between word embedding is used as the cost, in equation 6, for the purpose of learning the Mahalanobis metric, that cost becomes a square Euclidean metric (and thus what is commonly called 2- వాసర్స్టీన్). To avoid such inconsistencies, it is probably easier to say that WMD is p- వాసర్స్టీన్ between word embedding clouds, whatever p may be. - The "rewriting" approach proposed in equation 5 is not new; it was already proposed by Guy Lebanon in the context of text document classification ("Metric Learning for Text Documents"). See also "Unsupervised Riemannian Metric Learning for Histograms Using the Heisational Transformation" by Le/Kuturi. - Any experimental insights on the importance of the weight vector w in the learned metric? Does that innovation matter? Is it relevant in any way? - Related work: It would be interesting to more clearly outline the differences with previous work. For example, this paper is clearly based on the work of Kuturi/Avis, but uses entropy regularization, which clearly speeds up/scales applications. The cost is also different: while discrete in that work, it is now continuous but parameterized with linear maps. These two arguments are missing. This paper also takes from Wang et al, but that paper is not publishable. OT optimization is also run only once in their paper, and clearly does not work as proposed.