This paper demonstrates a supervised method for learning the distance between documents (WMD) at the top of the word mover. WMD is inspired by the distance of the meaning mover in previous literature. More specifically, the optimal transport is calculated to obtain the distance of a document from one distribution of words to another. For the transport distance between words, a Word2Vec embedding is initially used. In this paper, the authors propose (1) a linear transformation of embedded words and (2) a re-weighted word distribution learning, so that documents of different labels are more distinct. The paper is clearly written and easy to follow. The paper has a thorough review of previously related work, and the authors have a good understanding of that literature. The authors provide experimental results of their algorithm for several novel datasets. However, the motivation of the formulation needs further clarification, and the significance is low. 1) Why do the authors use the re-weighting of word distribution using w? It is not well motivated, and it seems that this re-weighting can completely transform the document into a different document. If the authors have shown why this re-weighting helps the document without transforming it into a different document, then this re-weighting can be justified. 2) The contribution of this work is not significant. The re-weighting of w with the linear transformation `A' and the NCA objective function is a potential extension for the supervised setting of WMD, but this formulation is not unprecedented or fancy. 3) How can this algorithm find the distance for a new document? How can one find a re-weight w for a completely new document? 4) It seems that the `semantic difference' in the abstract indicates the label of the document. Authoritative difference or subject difference does not seem to be semantic difference. Does semantic difference mean something else? In general, the paper is well written, and I have no objection to the acceptance of this paper, once the questions are properly explained.