The authors present a new version of the adapted Coreference function for Wikipedia. The function identifies the Coreference series that specifically relates to the entity the Wikipedia article is about. The authors annotate all 30 documents in the Coreference series, of which approximately 25% refer to the "main concept" of the article. They then describe some simple baselines and a basic classifier that performs better than these. Furthermore, they integrate their classifier into the Stanford (rule-based) Coreference system and observe substantial benefits on all state-of-the-art systems on Wikipedia.

I think this paper proposes an interesting twist on Coreference that makes good sense from an information extraction perspective, with the potential to somewhat revive and shake up Coreference research, and to bridge the gap between Coreference literature and entity linking literature in an interesting way.

I am sometimes unimpressed by papers that dig up a new function that standard systems perform poorly on and then propose a change so that their system performs better. However, in this case, the actual work itself is quite motivating for me, and it's not just a case of the authors finding a new domain to run things on, it really seems like, "Hey, wait, these standard systems perform poorly in a setting that is actually quite important."

Work: The main concept resolution is a tricky task from an IE perspective. I can imagine many times where the document mainly revolves around a particular entity (biographical document, dossier, or briefing about a person or event, clinical record, etc.) and where the information we want to extract is specific to that entity. The issue of large numbers of references has always been a problem in standard Coreference work that would seem quite irrelevant to most IE problems (such as common references), and this work undoubtedly consists of references that actually matter.

From a methodological point of view, the notion of "main concept" provides a useful discourse anchor for Coreference, but there still seems to be enough overhead to improve beyond baselines, especially on non-pronoun reference. Direct Coreference on Wikipedia also opens doors to more interesting uses of knowledge, which the authors illustrate here.

Therefore, I think this is likely to be an interesting test ground for domain ideas that will improve Coreference overall, but it will be more difficult to achieve strong improvements with it in a general setting and dwarfed by the amount of work involved in tackling other aspects of the problem.

Furthermore, unlike previous work that has made a piece of Coreference (for example, the Winograd Scheme work), this paper has a major impact on the metrics of the overall Coreference problem on a domain (Wikipedia) that many people in the ACL community are quite interested in.

Techniques: Overall, the techniques are not the strong point of this paper, although they seem effective. The features seem quite sensible, but it seems that additional combinations could help (and it is not clear whether the authors have experimented with this direction or not). The authors should also have stated earlier in the work that their primary MC concept system is a binary classifier; this is clearly not stated early enough and the model is left undefined in the description of the featureization.

Minor Details:
Organization: I would probably introduce the dataset immediately after "Related Work" (i.e., it would have to create a new section 3) so that concrete results could be given in the "Baselines," which would further inspire the "Perspective."

When section 4 mentions Dcoref and Scoref, you should either cite Stanford's papers or clarify that it is the Stanford Coreference system (many people may be unfamiliar with the names Dcoref/Scoref).

The use of the term "candidate list" was ambiguous, especially in the following:
"We leverage the hyperlink structure of the article to enrich the list of references with shallow semantic features. For each link found within the article in question, we look at the candidate list for all references that match the surface string of the link."

Please clarify that the "candidate list" is the set of references in the article that are potential candidates for being coreference with MC. I think most readers will understand that this module is to import semantic information from Wikipedia's link structure (for example, if a reference is a hyperlink from an article about being a woman in Freebase, that reference is a woman), so try to keep the terminology clear.

Section 6.1 says "We consider the union of WCR references and all references predicted by the method described in (Raghunathan et al., 2010)." However, what does section 4.1 imply? I don't remember where the additional WCR references will be extracted.