This paper presents a Bayesian approach to state and parameter estimation in nonlinear state-space models, learning the transition dynamics through a Gaussian process (GP) prior. The inference mechanism employs particle Markov chain Monte Carlo (PMCMC) with the recently-introduced technique of ancestor sampling. The paper also addresses computational efficiencies through sparsity and low-rank Cholesky updates.

This is a technically sound and strong paper with a clear and accessible presentation. The online marginalisation of the transition dynamics, coupled with the use of ancestor sampling to achieve this, is novel. The consideration of computational issues – specifically sparsity and low-rank updates/downdates to the Cholesky factors of covariance matrices – further strengthens the work. The empirical results, while concise, are sufficient (with suggestions for improvement below).

Beyond its stated aims, this paper will likely stimulate discussion around inference methods for non-Markovian state-space models and the potential advantages and disadvantages of learning the transition dynamics in this way, rather than specifying a parametric model a priori. 

While space is limited, the authors might consider a more detailed discussion regarding the differences between using a parametric transition model specified a priori versus using a similar model as the mean function of the GP. This is particularly relevant in the context of out-of-sample prediction, such as forecasting. 

The results in Table 1 and the corresponding description are slightly unclear. I am unsure whether the reported RMSE is calculated against a withheld dataset or against the same data conditioned upon (indicated by the *|data* column headings). My primary interest lies in an RMSE derived from out-of-sample prediction, especially a forecast forward in time using withheld data. This scenario would likely highlight the greatest differences between the learned dynamics and the ground truth model. If Table 1 does not already present this, adding a column showcasing this metric would be a valuable addition.

One minor point: the abbreviation CPF-AS is used in Algorithm 1 before being defined in the first paragraph of Section 3.3.1. Overall, this is a strong and novel paper that should stimulate interesting discussion.



