A robust, conversation-based coupled-izing model aims to improve the mixing rate of Gibbs sampling, known as "slow-mixing." Several estimates have been proposed for "fast-mixing" models; essentially, parameters are identified that are as close as possible to the original model but weaker, satisfying the spectral limit for rapid mixing. Experiments show some regimes where this leads to better marginal estimates for the computational time given compared to Gibbs sampling in variance methods (mean field and confidence spread variants) and the original model.

The technical material is heavily based on previous results establishing conditions for fast mixing [4,8]. However, I have never seen the idea of estimating on a nearest-fast-mixing model, which is an approximate estimation method.

On the domain of the "Toy Tiny Izing Model," the results provide some good improvements over a good set of baselines (standard sampling and contemporary variance methods). My main concern is that I think there should be more skepticism than usual about whether these results will scale to larger models. Experiments involve comparing the mixing time of the sampler on different models, and it is difficult to assess how these will scale with problem size. Furthermore, creating a fast-mixing model requires a (apparently) computationally expensive estimation step, the cost of which is not accounted for. Finally, it is not at all clear whether generalization beyond binary states will be possible, as establishing convergence limits more generally is much more challenging.

Clarity:
The presentation is generally clear and reasonably accessible given the technical material. However, there are some places where restructuring and clarification are needed:
* The paper mentions "standard results" several times and even refers to them as theorems (e.g., Theorem 6), without reference or proof sketch. Lemma 5 is left unproven, the reference is proven for a special case of zero-field.
* Discuss the properties of the dependency matrix R. For example, it does not appear smooth due to maximization, please explain if that is the case. (I believe that is why Lemma 5 is invoked.)
* The second part of Section 4 is almost impossible. Before the text G in Theorem 7, there is a mention of M and lambda, before they are introduced. Then the statement of Theorem 4 includes notations that are not actually explained. If this optimization is to be discussed, more clarification is needed. (Perhaps less time could be spent retelling the results from [8] that are not actually used.)
* In Section 1, KL(Q||P) is used for both directions of the KL deviation when the notation needs to be moved to one. In the first paragraph, Q is used for the real distribution and P is used for the smooth approximation; this is contrary to almost all related literature.

Experiments:
It seems that Figure 2 does not include the computational time required for the estimation. A somewhat vague statement to this effect appears in Section 6.1 but is vague; please clarify and, if so, show the results including the estimation time. As it stands, the proposed methods essentially obtain to use the output of a refined variance optimization without any penalty, which certainly makes the improvement over the standard Gibbs less convincing.

It was disappointing not to see experiments on larger models, given that Gibbs mixing time often depends on the size of the problem. There are certainly options to run experiments in regimes where the junction tree is not smooth, such as using a model where symmetries allow for the calculation of true limits, or taking the output of very long sampling runs as the truth.

I understand that KL(theta||psi) is generally not smooth, but it would still be interesting to find out how the sampling would perform in a hypothetical model here as a "best case." (The junction tree can be used for toy models used in submissions.)

The mean field is an approximation case of the reverse KL estimate, as the paper indicates, yet there is a large difference between the mean field error and the error from the reverse KL estimate. This is worthy of discussion.

The idea of estimating on a nearest-fast-mixing model on a slow-mixing model is a good idea, and recent work on mixing limits has been elegantly capitalized. But there are some concerns about experimental comparisons, and the limited scope of the model on which this approach is potentially applicable.