The author has proposed a method to improve the mixing rate of Gibbs sampling in an Ising model, where the model's original parameterization is projected onto a new parameter setting that meets the Dobroshkin criterion required for fast mixing. They have framed the projection as a constrained optimization problem, where constraints are required to ensure that the new parameterization is defined at the same location as the original parameter, and have investigated this projection under several distance/divergence measures.

In my opinion, methods that combine principles from stochastic and deterministic estimation are a less explored area, and as a result, I think it's an interesting idea. While the idea of increasing the original parameter to improve mixing time is straightforward, I found the description of the duality of the projection problem to be a bit unclear – for example, how the *zij* = 0 constraints ensure that the new parameterization is at the same location (couldn't it be at a slightly different location)? I was also unsure about the overall process – do you perform the projected gradient operation and then run the Gibbs sampler, or do you somehow interweave the sampling with gradient updates? An algorithm description would help clarify the box. Furthermore, is the proposed projected gradient descent strategy guaranteed to converge?

I also found the experiment a bit unreliable. In the first set of experiments, why was the Gibbs sampler run for 30K iterations? Since you are comparing a sampling method to deterministic methods, a comparison based on time would seem more appropriate. Also, where are the error bars on these charts – the reader cannot tell whether these results are significant or not. The second set of results compares the Gibbs sampler with the original/naive Gibbs sampler under different estimates and shows that the projection tends towards faster mixing. However, performing the projection operation takes time and is not accounted for in this comparison (for example, if the projection takes 1 minute, and the naive Gibbs sampler can generate 10k samples in that time, then the projection may not be meaningful). Finally, why was there no comparison with the blocked Gibbs sampler or Gogate's "lifted Gibbs sampler"?

Overall, a very good idea. However, some work may be required for the development of the projection problem and the proposed method, and a strong set of experiments is needed to convince me of the usefulness of the method.