This paper proposes a novel model selection criterion for binary latent feature models. It is similar to a variance Bayes, except that instead of taking a factorized posterior value on the latent variable and parameters, it approximately integrates the parameters using a BIC. They demonstrate better hold-out probability scores compared to several existing IBP implementations.

The proposed approach seems like a reasonable thing, and is inspired by an admirable asymptotic argument. The main advantage relative to other methods for IBP estimation is that computationally, it corresponds to an EM algorithm with some additional complexity penalty, rather than more expensive sampling or variance Bayes algorithms.

The technical contributions seem novel but incremental: they are essentially extensions of the FAB function of [3] and [4].

Some parts of the presentation were confusing because the mathematics seems unclear. In equation (3), the log sum of z values is infinite if all values are zero. Since it has a non-zero probability under any non-distorted variance distribution q, why isn't the FIC score always infinite?

Proposition 2 states that the marginal probability "can be asymptotically estimated as something", but it is not specified what the asymptotic regime is or what the assumptions are. In particular, how is K considered to behave as N becomes large? Since the BIC is applied individually to each component, the theorem requires a certain finite K, so that the number of activations of each feature reaches infinity. Under the IBP model, the number of components is infinite, and observation of new components will continue as the amount of data increases, so taking a finite K value removes one motivation for using the IBP.

More trivial matters: In section 2, shouldn't pk(X | z{\cdot, k}) include only the data points assigned to the mixing component k, and not the entire dataset? In equation (4), there should be an expectation on the left-hand side.

In the quantitative results in Table 1, the proposed method achieves higher predictive probability scores in less time than alternative methods. While in some cases the FAB quickly converges from orders of magnitude, it is not clear how to interpret this result because the stopping criterion is not specified. It seems like an arbitrary decision of when to stop the Gibbs sampler, especially.

The improvement in predictive probability is significant, but where does the difference come from? The results will be more reliable if there is evidence that the difference is due to the model selection criterion, rather than which algorithms get stuck in poor local optima, because the latter probably depends more on the details of the implementation (initialization strategies, etc.). (The fact that the Gibbs sampler learns an excessive number of components in some datasets suggests that this is a problem with local optima, because in theory it should be calculating exactly the probability that the FAB is estimating.)

The proposed approach is understandable, but somewhat incremental. Some mathematics seems a bit unclear. The experimental results show improvements in running time and predictive probability compared to previous approaches, but as mentioned above, I don't think enough analysis was done to be able to interpret these results.