This paper [14] provides an online structured dictionary learning algorithm for identifying neuroimaging data across individuals by extending a well-established framework with a Sobolev Prior. This is done to encourage spatial adjacency of dictionary atoms. The authors applied their method to experimental data, reported the impact of various tuning parameters, and compared performance with two alternative methods in this area.

Technical Quality: I would give it a slightly lower rating of 3 out of 3 if given the option. The model definition was clear. The algorithms followed a well-established framework [14] and seemed robust. However, it was somewhat weakened by the presentation; the paper did not clearly demonstrate the empirical benefits of introducing the Sobolev Prior in the results section. In particular, Figure 2 did not make it clear how the SSMF method was better than the two alternatives. How much more smooth was the spatial boundary? Were there any regions known to be connected only by SSMF? Etc. The results obtained by SSMF, while saying "more structured," the authors could have clearly described some fair criteria from neuroscience literature and provide a quantitative measure of improvement according to these criteria.

Added after reading the rebuttal: The results given in the rebuttal are very informative. I changed my rating on technical quality from 2 to 3. I hope the authors will include these new results in their revision and, additionally, demonstrate that the atoms learned by SSMF are more structured (with quantitative measures) and more meaningful (in light of neuroscience literature).

Novelty/Originality: This paper has a significant original contribution, which is an extension of [14] that applies the Sobolev Prior to encourage spatially structured dictionary atoms.

Potential Impact or Utility: Dictionary learning is a useful method for interpreting neuroimaging data across a large number of subjects, and introducing the Sobolev Prior or similar spatial Prior could theoretically improve the results. This paper provides an efficient online algorithm to do so and could add a good tool to the toolbox of the neuroscience/medical imaging community. The authors could also explore other applications of this method, such as image segmentation and spatial sensing.

Presentation: The general organization of the paper is fine. However, the paper did not seem like a well-edited manuscript; there were misleading descriptions and typos that made it difficult to understand the content. The misleading parts are listed below. Some of them seem to be accessible typos, but some may require more detailed explanation. --In the matrix decomposition equation between lines 67 and 68, should the transpose symbol on the group of $V^j$ (j = 1,..., r) be on each individual $V^j$? --Line 73, the reference to the HCP dataset was missing. --Line 83 "The graph-net can impose a penalty..." --Line 146: The bold sentence is probably a co-author's comment that was not corrected. --The last line of equations (6) and equations (8) did not agree with the sign $ V^j +At[j,j]^{-1}(VAt^j -Bt^j)$ vs $At[j,j] V^j -(VAt^j - Bt^j)$. Also, in the last line of equation (6), I assume $V$ refers to the dictionary in the last iteration, (i.e., the jth column is not the variable $v$ for optimization). --Line 157, "a single, a single" --Line 169, "How we did an extensive study" --In section 3.3, near paragraph 147, just below algorithm 2, if the authors had clearly given the mathematical/algorithmical solution to equation (6), even in the appendix. --Figure 2, the results of different methods are presented in different horizontal and sagittal slices, which made it difficult to directly compare the results. Based on the figure, I did not follow the description given in line 222 where it is claimed that the results of the SSMF model are more "structured". --Figure 3, it was not clear what was predicted. Was it regressing brain data on behavioral metrics, if so, was it based on $U_i$? Legends were not explained in the main text or in the caption of the figure. The figure did not show the PCA baseline mentioned in the caption. I did not follow the description in lines 222-227, where it is claimed that R^2 is greater than 0.1, (which curves should I look at?).