This paper extends the Stochastic Variable Reduction techniques SVRG and SAGA to handle strongly convex-concave saddle-point problems where linear convergence is proven. Both theoretical and empirical results demonstrate the effectiveness of the Variable Reduction method on saddle-point problems. This paper extends the Stochastic Variable Reduction techniques SVRG and SAGA to handle strongly convex-concave saddle-point problems. The proposed algorithms can be applied to many non-divisible saddle-point problems where both the loss (e.g., structured output prediction) and the regularizer (e.g., fusion term) can be non-divisible. A significant contribution is that, unlike previous convergence analysis on convex problems, the analysis on a saddle-point problem is much more complex, and the authors have adopted monotone operators to prove convergence. The analysis also shows that the extended SVRG and SAGA algorithms are applicable to a broad class of problems such as variance inequality in game theory. Considering the stochastic approach, the authors have proposed two different partitions of the gradient operator for SVRG and SAGA, namely, element-wise partition and factored partition. The Variable Reduction works on Stochastic Forward-Backward algorithms which are commonly used for saddle-point problems. Non-homogeneous sampling is also considered, and both theoretical and empirical results show that Variable Reduction with non-homogeneous sampling is better than with homogeneous sampling. Both the main article and the appendix provide sufficient proof of the theoretical results and demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed methods on both non-divisible loss and regularizer. Some minor comments: In section 5, as an acceleration, the authors follow [8] to include an additional regularization term to push the updates to be similar to an iterate point. It is not clear how to optimally update this iterate point, namely (\bar{x}, \bar{y}), to achieve speed-up. A convergence and acceleration proof is provided for SVRG. Will the same theoretical results exist for SAGA? To avoid confusion, the smooth function K(.) and the design matrix K should use different symbols.