The authors use differential reduction algorithms like SVRG and SAGA to propose the first linearly convergent algorithm for Saddle Point problems. Since convex minimum analysis is not applicable to Saddle Point problems, the paper's main contribution is using monotonic operators to prove convergence. One consequence of this is that the analysis applies to a broad class of problems such as non-homogeneous loss functions and regularization problems. This method can be used to deal with non-divisible loss functions and regulators by considering the Saddle Point problem. The paper proposes the first algorithm with a linear convergence rate for Saddle Point problems. This is an important problem to solve because it helps deal with non-divisible loss functions and regulators, which are common in many machine learning models. The proof technique of interpreting Saddle Point problems as finding the zeros of the monotonic operator is interesting and potentially widely applicable. Simple proofs for algorithms like FB splitting (as well as its stochastic version) are also provided. The algorithms proposed with non-homogeneous samples are competitive and, in most cases, better than previous alternatives. The paper expands the field in a significant direction overall, and the analysis approach is interesting. Since the paper's main contribution is in proof technique (the algorithms themselves are quite simple extensions of the original algorithms), the authors may consider adding more details about proof technique, for example, including a proof sketch, in the main paper, if space permits. The paper is mostly clearly presented and well-written. However, I found the paper a bit unclear on some issues. For example: 1. What type of non-homogeneous sample is used for problems other than bilinear Saddle-Point problems, i.e., what is \pi? 2. How is the step size \sigma set in the experiments? Do the authors have any intuition as to why non-homogeneous sampling seems so necessary for Saddle Point problems, and not necessary for convex minimum problems? The paper could benefit from a discussion on this issue. Minor comments: 1. Typo on line 78: k -> d 2. Typo on line 121 in the second similarity (extra y_{t-1} term)