The goal of constructing multivariate distributions that are appropriate for count data is an important one, and the authors correctly identify limitations of current approaches. 
On the theoretical and conceptual front, the paper has several merits. Starting with a proof that a previously suggested truncation does not lead to a valid model, the authors propose several alternatives. The TPGM truncation, though straightforward, is warranted due to its natural interpretation. The QPGM and SPGM, while technically simple, are novel in that the base measure and sufficient statistics of the exponential family representation are considered as means to modify the Poisson distribution. Further, the changes made are well motivated and appealing. That said, the actual theory involved largely follows from the work of Yang et al., leaving several possible model suggestions whose merit needs to be evaluated in practice. 
In light of the above, the experimental evaluation is somewhat disappointing, particularly given the declared goal of addressing the practical limitations of Poisson graphical models. While the synthetic experiment shows some potential, the data is geared toward the models suggested. In the real experiments, the comparison to copula-based alternatives is notably absent. Further, the reported results are primarily qualitative and anecdotal. Since all methods involve constructing joint distributions, a more objective log-probability evaluation of test data is needed. 
More importantly, and touching on the core issue of whether a new model is truly needed, the copula competitors are used in an overly black-box manner. Specifically, even when using only a Gaussian copula, it makes more sense to employ a sensible marginal model rather than the one used in the non-paranormal (which lacks a density!) – this marginal model was chosen primarily for its asymptotic properties rather than practical merits. The essentially identical performance to Glasso is suspect, and I strongly suspect that even simple Gaussian kernel density estimates would perform better. Similarly, for the real data application, the (sensible) choice of R=11 can also be translated into a choice for the marginal of the copula. While I do not expect an in-depth exploration here, a reasonable baseline comparison is warranted. 
Finally, the paper is generally well written. Although I believe the results are true – particularly, since the authors begin by identifying an error in another work – I suggest including all proofs in the supplementary material. Also, I felt that the end of section 3.1 was overly detailed and that the bound did not substantially contribute to the Gaussian-esque argument. On the other hand, I suggest developing section 3.2 more thoroughly, as it represents the heart of the suggested method, and in particular, not deferring the figure to the supplementary material but rather presenting it and providing a clearer explanation of its intuition. 

Based on a conditional exponential construction, the authors present alternatives to the Poisson graphical model with the goal of allowing for flexible joint modeling with a mix of positive and negative dependencies. On the positive side, the approach suggested is appealing and has some theoretical novelty. On the negative side, the experimental evaluation is limited and somewhat biased, leaving the ultimate merit of this yet another multivariate Poisson-like model unclear.