The paper provides a construction for multivariate distributions over unbounded counts that obey the Markov structure of an undirected network. Building a multivariate distribution over unbounded counts is generally a hard problem, as extensively studied by Besag and others for the past 30 years (including textbooks such as Arnold et al.'s "Conditional Specification of Statistical Models", 1999, which extends some of the observations of the authors to other distributions such as conditionally-specified exponential distributions).

Ultimately, the proposal by the authors succeeds in several relevant ways. The advantages are constructions that allow for marginal distributions over counts and lead to relatively simple estimation algorithms. The disadvantages are that the Quadratic Poisson Graphical Model (QPGM) has marginally thinner tails and the Sublinear Poisson Graphical Model (SPGM) does not have closed-form conditional distributions (which somewhat defeats the purpose of building a conditionally specified model). In fact, I question whether the SPGM can even be called a Poisson distribution (for the QPGM, one could at least claim that “only” the base measure is being changed). This is acceptable, but it made me wonder what the main motivation for modeling counts is, since the Poisson distribution itself is often not a good fit for empirical data. (The Poisson is very useful as a building block for many models – components of stochastic processes and within latent variable models – but could you plot your data for breast cancer and indicate whether it looks anything close to a Poisson distribution?). It would be helpful to have a plot of the probability mass function of the SPGM, which feels somewhat convoluted at first glance. I assume you are considering *R* and *R₀* as constants (otherwise, these wouldn’t be exponential families). How are they chosen? What advice do you give to practitioners?

That being said, constructing a multivariate distribution over counts that obeys the independence model of a Markov Random Field (MRF) is difficult. I genuinely appreciate the effort put into this paper and believe the results are of theoretical interest to the NIPS community. The only concern is the somewhat cursory appreciation of the existing literature. For instance, it almost feels like the authors are not fully familiar with copulas. The authors seem to misunderstand [8] (or at least present it inaccurately), where the core idea is to build multivariate distributions for arbitrary discrete data (including count data) and for which a range of Markov Chain Monte Carlo (MCMC) and approximate inference methods exist. This leads me to question whether the discussion of [11] is truly meaningful, as that pioneering book demonstrates how to build discrete models with log-linear parameters without exponential growth in the number of variables (although, admittedly, I don’t have a copy readily available and don't recall the specifics regarding Poisson distributions). Perhaps the most significant omission is a complete neglect of the extensive spatial statistics literature, where high-dimensional count data analysis has been conducted for a long time. It should be noted that several of these approaches (including the sparse precision Gaussian copula model of [8]) don't explicitly model MRF-style independence constraints in the observable space. However, as mentioned, the theoretical contribution of this paper is valid. As a practitioner, I am not yet convinced why I should adopt this model space instead of using the simpler structured Gaussian random field plus Poisson measurement model, which has been a standard approach for a long time.

Final comment: I would be grateful for a reference more recent than [20] supporting the claim that “counts of sequencing reads… are replacing microarrays.” 

In summary, this paper presents a method for constructing multivariate distributions for counts that are Markov with respect to undirected graphs. Like any nontrivial multivariate construction, it has advantages and shortcomings. The literature review feels incomplete. Despite these points, the work represents a valuable contribution and deserves consideration.



