The goal of constructing multivariate distributions appropriate for count data is an important one, and the authors correctly identify limitations of current approaches (though a reservation on this is noted below). 

On the theoretical and conceptual front, the paper has several merits. Starting with a proof that a previously suggested truncation does not lead to a valid model, the authors propose several alternatives. The TPGM truncation, while straightforward, is warranted due to its natural interpretation. The QPGM and SPGM, though technically simple, are novel in that the base measure and sufficient statistics of the exponential family representation are put on the table as means to modify the Poisson distribution. Further, the changes made are well-motivated and appealing. That said, the actual theory largely follows from the work of Yang et al., so we are left with several possible model suggestions whose merit needs to be evaluated in practice. 

In light of the above, the experimental evaluation is somewhat disappointing, particularly given the paper’s stated goal of addressing the practical limitations of Poisson graphical models. While the synthetic experiment shows some potential, the data is geared toward the proposed models. In the real data experiments, the comparison to copula-based alternatives is glaringly missing. Furthermore, the reported results are only qualitatively anecdotal. Since all methods involve the construction of joint distributions, a more objective log-probability evaluation on test data is needed. 

More importantly—and this touches on the core issue of whether these new models are necessary—competing methods are used in an overly black-box manner. In particular, even when using only a Gaussian copula, it makes more sense to employ a sensible marginal model rather than the one used in the non-paranormal (which has no density!)—a choice seemingly driven by its asymptotic properties rather than practical merits. The essentially identical performance to Glasso is suspicious, and I strongly suspect that even simple Gaussian kernel density estimates would perform better. Similarly, if applied to the real data, the (reasonable) choice of using R=11 can also be translated to a choice for the marginal of the copula. I do not expect an in-depth exploration here, but some reasonable baseline is warranted. 

Finally, the paper is generally well-written. Though I believe all the results are true—particularly since the authors begin by identifying an error in another work—I suggest including all proofs in the supplementary material. Also, I felt that the end of section 3.1 was overly detailed and that the bound did not contribute to the Gaussian-esque argument. On the other hand, I would elaborate on 3.2, as it represents the heart of the suggested method and, in particular, not defer the figure to the supplementary material but rather present it and better explain its intuition. 

Based on a conditional exponential construction, the authors present alternatives to the Poisson graphical model with the goal of allowing for flexible joint modeling with a mix of positive and negative dependencies. On the good side, the approach suggested is appealing and has some theoretical novelty. On the bad side, the experimental evaluation is limited and somewhat biased, so the ultimate merit of yet another multivariate Poisson-like model remains unclear.



