The authors present an analysis for a class of Monte Carlo tree search algorithms that use an un-regretful selection method (with some mild restrictions). Their primary theoretical contribution is the proof of epsilon-Nash convergence for sequential steps.

One weakness is that this convergence is infinite (no rate is given), which is a necessary consequence of the authors' analysis, as the selection method is assumed to be epsilon-Nash-compliant only. This is not particularly harmful, as to my knowledge, there is no proof of the convergence of the MCTS method for wide-form games with sequential steps.

However, I think the rate is important, as we know that backward ascent will give us a correct balance. Do the authors know what rate is achieved by assuming a specific regret rate for the selection method, for example, using exp by \sqrt{T}?

The authors arrive at their conclusion through some experiments. They compare the standard method of propagating the average reward value used in their analysis with the current sample value propagation method. They found that the average values perform slightly worse experimentally. Finally, they try to extract some insights experimentally on the convergence rate.

Conclusion: This is a well-written paper that is technically correct. I have slight doubts about the final significance of the work due to the lack of a convergence rate. On the one hand, the MCTS method is known to work well in practice, so even if the rate does not come from the authors' analysis, establishing infinite convergence is a good first step. On the other hand, the convergence results of MCTS with sequential steps are already known, so the result seems to be slightly incremental.

Error
Figure 1: Page --> Page
Line 144: Negative, not "inverted", right?
Line 10 of Algorithm 1: I think (a1,a2) should be (i,j), or possibly (\sigma1,\sigma2). This is particularly confusing, as a_{i,j} was introduced as a symbol of pay-off in a single-state matrix game.
Line 172: It seems that symbolic errors from (i,j) to a's can run throughout the paper. I will stop mentioning them, but they should be edited. This was a well-written paper that I enjoyed reading. I have some doubts about its impact due to the lack of a convergence rate in the analysis.