This proposal suggests an algorithm for global optimization of decision trees by redefining the problem (latent) as structured prediction. Latent structured variables are sine vectors that encode the decisions taken at each internal node of the tree.

A non-differentiable and non-convex loss is proposed, which is then approximated by a differentiable (but still non-convex) upper bound.

To minimize this loss through SDG, a sequence of loss-augmented inference problems must be solved, for which an efficient algorithm is provided. Some experiments are shown comparing this method with a standard grid training method.

The main contribution of this work is to present global DT optimization as structured prediction and to create an efficient algorithm for optimizing the objective.

The method for doing this is new and interesting, and it raises some important questions.

However, I have some concerns about some practical considerations - especially regarding the purpose of the method and how significant the performance is compared to simpler methods.

Considering DTs solely as a method for global optimization, this method is interesting in several ways.

The first advantage of presenting optimization as structured prediction is that it is possible to solve a sequence of loss-augmented optimization problems by exploiting the special structure of the problem.

However, I think the most interesting result of this method is that the gradient updates are sparse - if I'm not mistaken, only one node's weight vector is changed at each gradient step.

This proposal primarily presents itself as a computational advantage, but I think this feature creates more interesting possibilities that are not specifically mentioned in the paper.

Someone might think about optimizing over an infinitely deep tree, first setting all the weights to zero, and then gradually increasing the tree by making more weights non-zero, which would naturally fit the model to the data.

This raises some interesting questions: for example, would such a method prove to be equivalent to or a variant of any known grid strategy?

This might be the case if it is seen that it is always better to introduce new nodes than to change the weights of old nodes.

Or, with appropriate regularization, would such a method converge to a tree of a limited number of nodes (as shown in Figure 2)?

I think this makes the proposed method more valuable than simple DTs and should probably be analyzed more carefully than the current analysis in the paper.

For example, an important point remains unclear: what happens if a node's weight is equal to zero?

The discussion on page 3 suggests that we will take the correct branch, which seems like a questionable choice.

It seems like it would be better to output a decision at this node; later, we can decide to make this weight non-zero, which is consistent with splitting the node.

It is important to define exactly what is happening here, as it has a direct similarity to pruning techniques for grid training.

I have an important practical concern about the purpose of this work.

In particular, I would say that general DTs are mainly useful until they are explainable; if the need for explainability is eliminated, it is generally better to use other methods, which usually provide better performance.

As mentioned, I would expect this method to produce non-explainable results, since L2 regularization will create dense weight vectors.

Although switching to L1 regularization may help, it is also possible that if we are forced to regularization at a stage where exactly a 1-sparse split is created, performance may decrease.

So, this definitely needs to be tested.

My other main concern is that the tests do not discuss other baselines in detail enough.

No description is given of which pruning technique was used for the simple method.

Since a range of regularization parameters has been tried for the proposed method, I would expect the simple method to be tried in the same way using a few different pruning techniques and/or parameters.

I think it would be fair to try some more trivial techniques for global optimization, such as training a grid method with a random subset of training data and choosing the method that minimizes the desired loss in the complete training or validation set.

For clarity, the paper is written reasonably well. My only comment is that the parts describing the inference could have been clearer.

For example, section 6.2 can be summarized to say that the objective is first maximized for all g's for a specific leaf, which is then maximized for all leaves.

Section 6.4 could also be a little clearer.

In summary, I think this is a very clever method that raises some very interesting questions.

However, it is not clear at the moment whether it is a practically effective method, because there is a lack of detailed information in the above-mentioned explanation problem (if they are not explainable, why use general DTs in the first place?) and the tests.

P.S.: Although Forest is mentioned in the title, the paper does not discuss this issue.

Re-reading comments
I still think the issue of zero weights is an important issue that deserves further analysis, because of the reasons I mentioned in my review.

After reading the re-reading, it seems that the weights were probably started randomly, which is why this problem is not seen in practice.

However, I think what will really make this method interesting is that the weights will be initially zero and gradually increased.

I encourage the authors to consider this aspect. This proposal proposes a clever redefinition of global optimization of decision trees as structured prediction, as well as an efficient algorithm for optimization solutions. However, some aspects of the purpose of the work and the experimental results are not so convincing.