This paper discusses cross-linguistic direct transfer of NER models using a very recent cross-linguistic wikification model. In general, the main idea is not very innovative and creative, as it does not propose any new technology. The contribution is mainly incremental, and it combines two research paths: (1) direct transfer for downstream NLP tasks (such as NER, parsing, or POS tagging), and (2) the very recent development of cross-linguistic wikification technology. However, I generally liked the paper because it is based on a coherent and clear story, with sufficient experimentation and empirical evidence to support its claims and provide reliable results. I still have several comments on the presentation of the work.

Related work: More detailed work is needed, stating how this paper relates to the work of Kamayama and Torisawa (2007). A clear distinction with other related NER systems that rely on encyclopedic Wikipedia knowledge in some way also needs to be mentioned. The differences are certainly given in the text, but more emphasis should be placed on them to facilitate the reader and place the work in context.

Although the authors argue why they decided to exclude POS tags as features, it would be interesting to report experiments with POS tag features like Takstrem and others: the reader could get an overview supported by empirical evidence about the usefulness (or lack thereof) of such features for different languages (i.e., for languages for which at least universal POS is available).

Section 3.3 could contribute from a running example, as I am still not sure how the model edited by Tsai and Roth now works (i.e., the given description is not entirely clear).

Since the authors mention several times that the methods of Takstrem and others (2012) and Nothman and others (2012) are orthogonal to their methods and can be combined with the proposed method, it would be beneficial if they reported some preliminary results on a selection of languages using a combination of models. This would add more flavor to the discussion. At the same time, although I admit that this is an orthogonal method, why can't the results be placed in a more contextualized context by comparing them with a strong projection baseline and show the usefulness (or limitations) of the wikification-based method?

Why is Dutch the best training language for the Spanish language, and why is Spanish the best language for the Yoruba language? Is there just a statistical coincidence happening here, or something more interesting? One or two paragraphs discussing these results in more depth would be quite interesting.

Although the idea is correct, the results obtained from Table 4 are not very convincing, where slight improvements have been identified (and not in all situations). A statistical significance test reported for the results from Table 4 could help support the claims.

Small comments:
- Section 2.1: Projection can also be done through methods that do not require parallel data, which makes such models more widely applicable (even for languages that do not have any parallel resources): for example, see the work of Pearson and Pado (NAACL 2009) or Vluich and Moens (EMNLP 2013), which use bilingual semantic space instead of direct alignment links for transfer.
- Several typos have been identified in the text, so the paper would benefit greatly from more careful proofreading (e.g., the first sentence of Section 3: "as a the base model"; this sentence is not 'parsable', page 3: "They avoid the traditional pipeline of NER then EL by...", "to disambiguate every n-grams" on page 8)