This paper presents a Bayesian approach for state and parameter estimation in non-linear state-space models, as well as learning transition dynamics through the use of Gaussian processes (GPs). The estimation mechanism is based on the Particle Markov Chain Monte Carlo (PMCMC), incorporating the recently introduced ancestral sample idea. The paper also discusses the computational efficiency achieved in relation to sparsity and low-order Cholesky updates.

It is a technically robust and solid paper with a clear and accessible presentation. The online marginalization of transition dynamics and the use of an ancestral sample to achieve it are novel. Considering computational issues such as sparsity and low-order updates/dowdates, which are relevant to Cholesky factors of the covariance matrix, further strengthens the paper. The empirical results, even when summarized, are substantial (further suggestions are given below).

In addition to its stated objectives, this paper will encourage discussion about the potential advantages/disadvantages of learning transition dynamics in a non-Marxian state-space model, rather than using parametric models for estimation.

Although the space is limited, the authors may find it interesting to consider some more discussion about the difference between using a parametric transition model that is predetermined versus using a similar model as the mean function of GPs. For example, out-of-sample prediction (e.g., forecasting).

The results in Table 1 and the details in the previous paragraph are a bit unclear to me. I am not sure whether the RMSE is against a stopped set of data points or against the same set of data points that are based on (*|data) in the column headings. My main interest will be the RMSE against out-of-sample prediction, especially the forward prediction at time against the stopped data. It is in this scenario that I would expect to see the largest difference between the learned dynamics and the ground-truth model. If Table 1 does not already show this, an additional column that does would be a great addition.

One minor point: the abbreviated form CPF-AS is used in Algorithm 1, even before it is defined in the first paragraph of Section 3.3.1 below. A solid and novel paper that will encourage some interesting discussion.