This paper describes four methods of obtaining multilingual word embeddings and a modified QVEC metric for evaluating the efficacy of these embeddings. The embedding methods are: 
(1) multiCluster: Uses a dictionary to map words to multilingual clusters. Cluster embeddings are then obtained, which serve as embeddings for the words that reside in each cluster. 
(2) multiCCA: Extends the approach presented by Faruqui and Dyer (2014) for embedding bilingual words to multilingual words by using English embeddings as the anchor space. Bilingual dictionaries (other language -> English) are then used to obtain projections from other monolingual embeddings for words in other languages to the anchor space. 
(3) multiSkip: Extends the approach presented by Luong et al. (2015b) for embedding using source and target context (via alignment) to the multilingual case by extending the objective function to include components for all available parallel corpora. 
(4) Translation invariance: Uses a low-rank decomposition of the word PMI matrix with an objective that includes bilingual alignment frequency components. This method may be limited to bilingual embeddings. 
The evaluation method uses CCA to maximize the correlation between the word embeddings and potentially handcrafted linguistic data. Basis vectors are obtained for the aligned dimensions, producing a score invariant to rotation and linear transformations. The proposed method also extends this to multilingual evaluations. 

In general, the paper is well written and describes the work clearly. However, several issues require clarification:

(1) What is the novel contribution of the translation invariance embedding approach compared to Gardner et al.? If the novelty lies in the extension to multilingual embeddings, a few lines explaining this would be helpful. 
(2) The use of supersense annotations across multiple languages presents a challenge. The number of features in the intersection of multiple languages may become very small. Beyond the note in footnote 9, how do the authors propose to address this issue?
(3) How much does coverage affect the scores in Table 2? For example, for dependency parsing, multiCluster and multiCCA have significantly different coverage numbers, yet their scores are close.
(4) The results in Table 3 do not present a consistent story. Specifically, for most intrinsic metrics, the multilingual embedding techniques do not perform optimally. Given that a primary goal of this paper was to create embeddings that perform well on the word translation task, it is somewhat disappointing that the invariance approach performs best by far. It is also surprising that the multiCluster approach, which discards inter-cluster (word and language) semantic information, performs best with respect to the extrinsic metrics.

Further questions for the authors:

(1) What is the performance loss when fixing the word embeddings in the dependency parsing task? What gain was observed by using these embeddings as alternatives to random embeddings in the LSTM stack parser? 
(2) Is Table 1 an average across the 17 embeddings described in Section 5.1? 
(3) Are there advantages to using the multiSkip approach instead of learning bilingual embeddings and then performing multiCCA to learn projections across the distinct spaces?
(4) The dictionary extraction approach (from parallel corpora via alignments or from Google Translate) may not reflect the challenges of using real-world lexicons. Did you explore the use of any existing multilingual dictionaries?



