This paper proposes two dictionary-based methods for estimating multilingual word embeddings, one motivated by clustering (MultiCluster) and another by canonical correlation analysis (MultiCCA). In addition, a supersense similarity measure is proposed that improves upon QVEC by substituting its correlation component with CCA and by incorporating multilingual evaluation. The evaluation is performed on a wide range of tasks using the web portal developed by the authors, and it is shown that in some cases the proposed representation methods outperform two other baselines.

I believe this paper is very well written and represents a substantial amount of work. The presented representation-learning and evaluation methods are certainly timely, and I applaud the authors for their meticulous documentation. 

My overall impression, however, is that the paper prioritizes breadth over depth. I would have preferred a more thorough discussion of the results—for example, regarding the conflicting outcome for MultiCluster between the 59- and 12-language setups, and regarding the effect of estimation parameters and decisions in MultiCluster/CCA. While I think the paper is of high practical value to me and the research community (improved QVEC measure, web portal), I haven't necessarily learned a great deal from reading it in terms of addressed research questions and their answers.

Below are some more concrete remarks.

It would be beneficial to include the correlation results (Table 1) for monolingual QVEC and QVEC-CCA as well. After all, it is stated in lines 326–328 that QVEC-CCA is an improvement over QVEC.

Minor points:

*   Line 304: "a combination of several cross-lingual word similarity datasets" – this phrase suggests datasets of different natures, whereas they are actually of the same kind, differing only by language, correct?
*   Pages 3: two equations exceed the column margin.
*   Lines 121 and 147 only mention Coulmance et al. and Guo et al. when referring to the MultiSkip baseline, but section 2.3 then only mentions Luong et al. Clarification of the correspondence between these works would be helpful.

While the paper provides a reasonable overview of related work, several relevant contributions could be included:

Multilingual embeddings and clustering:

*   Chandar et al. (2014). An autoencoder approach to learning bilingual word representations. In NIPS.
*   Hill et al. (2014). Embedding word similarity with neural machine translation. arXiv preprint arXiv:1412.6448.
*   Lu et al. (2015). Deep multilingual correlation for improved word embeddings. In NAACL.
*   Faruqui & Dyer (2013). An Information Theoretic Approach to Bilingual Word Clustering. In ACL.

Multilingual training of embeddings for better source-language embeddings:

*   Suster et al. (2016). Bilingual learning of multi-sense embeddings with discrete autoencoders. In NAACL-HLT.
*   Guo et al. (2014). Learning sense-specific word embeddings by exploiting bilingual resources. In COLING.

More broadly, the exploration of translational context, for example in:

*   Diab & Resnik (2002). An unsupervised method for word sense tagging using parallel corpora. In ACL.



