This paper discusses the submodular maximization problem in streaming and robustness settings. In this setting, the goal is to find a set of high-quality *k* elements from a small number of elements retained during streaming, where *m* elements can be removed after streaming. Streaming submodular maximization has been extensively studied because it has large-scale applications where very few passes are required over data. Recently, robustness has also attracted some attention, and it is inspired by situations where some elements can be removed and the goal is to find a solution that is robust to such removal. This paper is the first to jointly consider the streaming and robustness submodular maximization problem.

The authors developed the star-tree algorithm, which retains O((m log k + k )log^2 k) elements after streaming and ensures a constant (0.149) approximation while being robust against the removal of *m* elements. This algorithm combines partitioning and thresholding techniques for submodular optimization that use buckets. Similar concepts using buckets were used in previous work for robustness submodular optimization, but here the buckets are filled differently. It was then experimentally shown that this algorithm works well in influence maximization and movie recommendation applications, even against streaming algorithms that already know which elements have been removed.

Considering both streaming and robustness aspects, the problem is quite challenging, and obtaining a constant factor approximation is a strong result. However, there are several aspects of this paper that could be improved. It would be good to have some non-trivial lower bounds as a complement to the upper bound. The analysis could be further improved; the authors mention an "innovative analysis" but do not elaborate on what is innovative about it, and it is difficult to extract the main ideas and steps of the analysis from the sketch of the proof. Finally, the influence maximization application could also be more reliable. For testing, the authors used a very simple objective for influence maximization that only consists of the size of the neighborhood around the seed node. It is not clear how traditional influence maximization objectives, where the value of the function depends on the entire network for any set of seed nodes, can fit into a streaming setting.