The author extends the moment matching network to a conditional version. Unlike models that can update on a single instance and where the extension is trivial (feeding conditional feed into the network), here it is non-trivial. This is because we need to match the distribution of a large number of samples (mini-batch) to a large number of inputs, but these distributions are no longer equal (unless a given update uses the same conditional, which is inefficient). The main problem with the paper is that they start with fancy mathematics instead of explaining the intuition behind the formula (eq (2)), and they do not shed light on what actual calculations are performed during this algorithm and what its efficiency is. The author extends the moment matching network to a conditional version. Unlike models that can update on a single instance and where the extension is trivial (feeding conditional feed into the network), here it is non-trivial. This is because we need to match the distribution of a large number of samples (mini-batch) to a large number of inputs, but these distributions are no longer equal (unless a given update uses the same conditional, which is inefficient). The main problem with the paper is that they do not explain the details behind the formula that is being optimized at the end (eq (2)), how efficient it is, what assumptions have been made for it to work so that the reader can see what actual calculations have been performed. Similarly, they do not explain the intuition behind it but instead start with formal mathematics. The non-conditional version of the algorithm can be explained without fancy mathematics (for example, reintroducing the kernel Hilbert space) - the formula being reduced is intuitive. It would be good to come up with an equally good intuitive explanation for the conditional case. It would be good to answer the following questions: - How will you intuitively come up with the formula (2). - What are the steps from formula (2) to the practical algorithm. Some of it is in the supplement but it is difficult to follow.