This paper proposes a loss function for a directed-generative model with conditional variables. This method is an extension of the Generative Moment Matching Network, which uses an unconditional loss function based on the maximum mean discrepancy criterion. This approach leverages work done on conditional kernel mean embedding to produce the loss function, and the results have been demonstrated on various generative tasks, including generating classifications, handwritten digits and faces, and distilling knowledge into a Bayesian model. This is the second time I am reviewing this paper. Last time, the reviewers' issues were minor: why the authors used a low-dimensional space and whether it could be extended to a higher-dimensional latent space, the usefulness of this model compared to others, and other diverse explanation issues. Given the text, it seems that these have been directly answered. Regarding comment 1, it is not clear to me how to map from equation (2) to the weighted MMD form. What dot notation are you using here? Is it matrix multiplication or a Hadamard product? I would like to see this part in a little more detail so that the mapping is clearer. Also, I think the choice of C is a bit unfortunate because you are already using C to define the conditional embedding. Theosophy 1 and 2 refer to other papers, although there is no reference to theosophy 3. A paper with a proof should be referenced, or a proof should be given. Empirical results are fine. Previous reviews have stated that using this model for supervised learning is probably not a great application, but the authors said it was to highlight the versatility of the model, which I think is fine. The distilled Bayesian estimation application is interesting, but it is only used on a dataset with one model, so it is not clear whether it will be useful in other cases. I think this approach will get the most traction in pure generative modeling. In this case, the experiments are similar to the original GMM paper. The datasets used include digits and faces, which I think is enough to demonstrate that the idea works. In this case, whether other people will adopt this method, there should be compelling results on more difficult datasets, such as CIFAR-10 or LSUN.