In this submission, the authors propose an algorithm for real-time control of 3D models, where a neural network (NN) is used to generate animations, after having been trained offline to reproduce the output of Contact-Invariant Optimization (CIO). Importantly, CIO and NN training are not independent; they are performed in an alternating fashion, the output of one informing the criterion optimized by the other. Another core element of the method is the injection of noise, through data augmentation via small perturbations as well as additive noise in the NN’s hidden layers. Experiments demonstrate that such a network is able to produce realistic and stable control policies on a range of very different character models.

This is a very interesting approach, considering that real-time control of arbitrary models is a challenging task. Although the proposed method may initially appear relatively straightforward ("learn a NN to predict the output of CIO"), the additional steps to make it work (joint training and noise injection) are significant new contributions, and experiments show they improve generalization.

However, the experimental results would be stronger with comparisons to a larger dataset. Since the base training trajectories were generated with only "between 100 to 200 trials, each with 5 branched segments," it is unsurprising that the "no noise" variant overfits. The "no joint" variant might also benefit from more diverse training trajectories, although this is less obvious. 

Overall, the comparative evaluation is the weak point of the paper (acknowledged in the introduction: "A systematic comparison of these more direct methods with the present trajectory-optimization-based methods remains to be done"). The only comparison to a competing method is a brief one with MPC at the end of the paper, and there is no reference provided for this method.

For the most part, the mathematics are clearly explained and motivated, although someone attempting to replicate these results will definitely need to consult additional references, as some points are only addressed superficially (especially the CIO step – see Eq. 6, whose notations are not defined). Providing code would be greatly appreciated by the community. One part was difficult to follow: section 3.2 about generating optimal actions for noisy inputs. The notations became confusing at this point, and the performed operation was unclear (in particular, the time index "t" was dropped, but its implication for some of the quantities remained unclear?).

It would also have been useful to include time measurements for computations during real-time control, as this could be a major bottleneck. Knowing how these computations scale with the complexity of the 3D model would also be valuable. In an application like a video game, limited CPU resources are available for animating a single character on screen.

Additional minor remarks: - "biped location": should this be locomotion? - "It is our aim to unity these disparate approaches": should this be unite or unify? - Am I correct that the target is only about x, y, z coordinates, and there is no constraint on the angle the character is facing when reaching it? If so, would it be easy to add an extra target angle? (which seems important in practice). - I would not call the step where additional data is generated from noisy inputs “noise injection,” as the target is re-computed to match the modified inputs. This is simply “data augmentation” and does not relate to the idea behind denoising autoencoders. - Are you truly using the initial (random) network weights θ in the very first iteration to compute the first X’s in Alg. 1? Or are you starting with X’s computed without the regularization term? - What is the justification for using the same hyperparameter η in the two steps of Alg. 1? - "it is non-trivial to adapt them to asynchronous and stochastic setting we have": should this be “the” asynchronous…? - The acronym LQG is used one line before it is defined. - "While we can use Linear Quadratic Gaussian (LQG) pass": should this be “a” pass? - l. 231, the star in the argmin is misplaced, and \bar{s} is missing in \tilde{C}? - "the minimizer of a quadratic around optimal trajectory": is a word missing? - "sX and aX are subsets of \phiX": why is this guaranteed? - "a single pass over the data to reduce the objective in (4)": it would rather be the objective from Alg. 1, as only θ is optimized. - The asynchronous joint optimization scheme described in Section 6 is very different from the alternating scheme from Alg. 1. It would be worthwhile to mention this earlier. - l. 315, f should be f^{des}? - "In the current work, the dynamics constraints are enforced softly and thus may include some root forces in simulation.": I did not understand this sentence. - The “no noise” variant in experiments could be split between “no data augmentation” and “no hidden noise injection”. - A question I would find interesting to investigate is whether α can be decreased all the way to zero during optimization (for CIO only). In other words, is it working mostly because of a "curriculum learning" effect (easier task initially), or is it always useful to keep the trajectories learned by CIO close to what the network can learn? - The caption of Table 1a states 4 layers, but I believe this is 3.

This is a promising application of neural networks to character control, but its practical benefits and applicability still need to be further established.