Bayesian optimization has become very popular for machine learning tasks such as hyperparameter optimization, but most existing approaches are inherently sequential. The paper proposes a parallel Bayesian optimization algorithm that computes Bayes-optimal batches. The authors show that the proposed method performs better than existing Bayesian optimization approaches. The paper is well-written and easy to follow. Parallelization of BO is an important topic for practical hyperparameter optimization, and the proposed approach is interesting and more elegant than most existing approaches, as far as I know. The fact that a Bayes-optimal batch is determined is very promising. The authors assume independent, normally distributed errors, which is common in most BO methods based on Gaussian processes. However, this assumption is problematic in hyperparameter optimization, as measurement errors represent the difference between generalization performance and empirical estimates (e.g., through cross-validation). Structural biases are common in certain areas of the hyperparameter-space, especially given small sample sizes. I think it's worth mentioning that assuming independence is not always realistic. The paper's theoretical aspect is strong, but the experiments are somewhat disappointing, for three main reasons: 1. Using the test set error as an optimization criterion is problematic, and it is well known that such score-functions are sub-optimal for hyperparameter tuning (e.g., [1]). Threshold-based metrics such as the test set error present many problems for model selection and hyperparameter optimization, so it would be better to use metrics such as ROC curves or areas under the log loss. 2. The authors used the MNIST and CIFAR10 datasets as the basis for their experiments, which are actually commonly used in benchmarks. I would prefer to see benchmarks in HPOlib [2], which is a widely used library specifically designed to benchmark hyperparameter optimization algorithms. 3. The amount of data set (2) used in the benchmarks is very small, and the entire benchmark is based on a single machine learning task (classification) with only two learning algorithms (Logistic Regression and CNN). I would prefer to see more diversity in the benchmarks, as it is known that some optimizers perform well for certain types of learning algorithms but perform poorly for others. Overall, I like the paper and the theoretical contribution is certainly valuable. However, the current benchmarks are actually too limited to be truly reassuring. [1] Provost, Foster J., Tom Fawcett, and Ron Kohavi. "Case against accuracy estimation for comparing induction algorithms." ICML. Vol. 98. 1998. [2] Agensperger, Katharina, et al. "Towards an empirical foundation for assessing Bayesian optimization of hyperparameters." NIPS Workshop on Bayesian Optimization in Theory and Practice. 2013.