In this paper, the authors have designed a recurrent convolutional encoder-decoder network that can represent an object from various rotating perspectives, given a 2D image of the object. The authors have evaluated the performance of their proposed model through its ability to generate images of faces and chairs from rotated perspectives. They also conduct additional experiments to investigate the benefits of curriculum learning, evaluate the performance of the model's disentangled representation through cross-view object recognition, and explore the model's ability to perform class interpolation with chairs.

Although the proposed model is well-presented and detailed, its performance evaluation is inadequate. The experiments used to demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed RNN model are largely qualitative (the images with the visualization of the results should be scaled to a reasonable size for the reader to see). Presenting a quantitative measure of performance with a suitable error metric (to compare with state-of-the-art results) should prove more practical than purely qualitative assessments.

In general, the paper is well-written and easy to understand. There are some minor grammatical errors (i.e., line 124 "rotate" -> "rotated").

The significance of this paper has been diminished mainly due to the lack of sufficient experimentation and analysis. It would be relevant to include experiments with datasets other than multi-PIE and chairs. The model's ability to present rotated perspectives for different types of objects will make the network architecture less ad hoc. Furthermore, it would also be interesting to see how the proposed model can generalize to handle object rotation trajectories that deviate from a fixed axis (non-rotating rotation). The paper develops a deep learning model for the task of representing an object from various rotational perspectives, given a 2D image of that object. Although the perspective is novel and interesting, the paper lacks sufficient experimentation and relevant analysis to enhance the model's importance and the ability of the results to match state-of-the-art 'geometry-based perspectives' (line 51).