In this paper, the authors propose a new recurrent convolutional encoder-decoder network for learning to apply out-of-plane rotations to 3D objects, such as human faces and 3D chair models. The proposed network starts with a basic model, where its encoder network separates the input image into identity units and pose units, then action units are applied to the pose unit to control the rotation direction. Its decoder network, which includes convolution and unsampling, decodes the identity and pose into the image of the rotated object and the corresponding object mask. To support long rotation trajectories, the proposed network is then extended into a recurrent architecture where the encoded identity unit of the input image is fixed and the pose unit is changed by a sequence of action units, and finally, both the identity and pose units are fed into the decoder to generate the resulting image.

The main contribution of this paper is learning to separate representations for identity/appearance and pose factors, where the identity unit is shown to be a discriminative view-invariant feature in the cross-view object recognition task. Furthermore, the proposed recurrent convolutional encoder-decoder network will benefit more from this disentangling property and predict better rendering when using long rotation trajectories in the course training phases to train the network.

The paper is well-written, easy to understand, and the motivation for the various parts of the proposed method is clearly described. Also, the qualitative results for the predicted rendering of rotated images and the quantitative evaluation of the method on the cross-view object recognition task provide good support for the disentangled representation, especially for the pose and identity factors.

Some minor weaknesses are listed as follows, and it is hoped that the authors can address them in the rebuttal period:
 - The proposed network can only support different rotation angles, which depends on the set of rotation angles shown in the training data. Do the authors have any initial idea to extend the proposed method to support continuous rotation angles?
 - The proposed recurrent convolutional encoder-decoder network is trained with fixed-lengths, which is actually the opposite of a normal recurrent neural network.
  This paper proposes a new recurrent convolutional encoder-decoder network that is trained end-to-end on the task of rendering rotated objects starting from a single image. The main contribution of the generative disentangling of identity and pose factors emerging from the recurrent rotation prediction objective has been well demonstrated by qualitative and quantitative evaluations.