This paper introduces a batch-sequential version of the Knowledge Gradient (KG) criterion for Bayesian Optimization. The authors define a parallel criterion, q-KG, detailing its computation in a manner consistent with the standard KG approach. They support their method with a series of numerical experiments demonstrating that q-KG outperforms several state-of-the-art batch-sequential Bayesian Optimization algorithms. Overall, this is a strong paper with qualities that clearly justify publication at NIPS. The potential impact of parallelizing Bayesian optimization algorithms is significant.

I have a few minor criticisms. The paper does not investigate the speed-ups achieved by moving from sequential to batch-sequential optimization, which would be a valuable addition. Additionally, some statements within the literature review could be more precise. For example, the idea of integrating Expected Improvement (EI) with respect to posterior distributions was already explored in “Kriging is well-suited to parallelize optimization” (along with Constant Liar), while Chevalier et al. notably presented CL-mix in [2]. Furthermore, the paper “Differentiating the multipoint Expected Improvement for optimal batch design” studies q-EI maximization using the natural gradient. 

Finally, I have the following remarks and questions for the authors:

*   Is A assumed to be compact, and f continuous?
*   Why is A restricted to be a Latin Hypercube Sample (LHS) at the initial stage? What motivated this choice?
*   Regarding Algorithm 1: Does the algorithm include hyperparameter re-estimation, or Bayesian updating of the Gaussian process?
*   In Section 5.2: Is the definition of g a maximization or minimization problem?
*   Concerning Section 5.2 again: The smoothness of g does not appear self-evident. Similarly, the differentiability of the Cholesky factor might not be immediately obvious and could benefit from further explanation.
*   The paper states Matérn is 2/5, but I believe this should be 5/2. 
*   Regarding Figure 1 and the corresponding experiments: Was it possible to fit the same GPs using different software packages to ensure consistency and robustness of the results?



