Bayesian optimization has become very popular for machine learning tasks like hyperparameter optimization, but most existing approaches are inherently sequential. This paper proposes a parallel Bayesian optimization algorithm that computes Bayes-optimal batches. The authors demonstrate that the proposed method outperforms existing Bayesian optimization approaches. The paper is well-written and easy to follow. Parallelization of BO is an important subject for practical hyperparameter optimization, and the proposed approach is interesting and more elegant than most existing approaches I am aware of. The fact that a Bayes-optimal batch is determined is very promising. The authors assume independent normally distributed errors, which is common in most BO methods based on Gaussian processes. However, in hyperparameter optimization, this assumption can be problematic, since measurement errors represent the difference between generalization performance and empirical estimates (e.g., through cross-validation). Structural bias is common in certain regions of hyperparameter space, especially with small sample sizes. It is worth mentioning that assuming independence is not always realistic. The theoretical aspect of the paper is strong, but the experiments are somewhat limited, for three main reasons: First, the use of test set error as an optimization criterion is potentially problematic, as such score functions can be suboptimal for hyperparameter tuning (e.g., [1]). Threshold-based metrics like test set error introduce challenges for model selection and hyperparameter optimization, so it would be beneficial to consider metrics like area under the ROC curve or log loss. Second, the authors use the MNIST and CIFAR10 datasets for their experiments, which are commonly used benchmarks. I would have preferred to see benchmarks using HPOlib [2], a widely-used library specifically designed for benchmarking hyperparameter optimization algorithms. Third, the number of datasets (two) used in the benchmark is limited, and the entire benchmark is based on a single machine learning task (classification) with only two learning algorithms (logistic regression and CNN). More variety in the benchmark would be desirable, as some optimizers perform well for certain types of learning algorithms but poorly for others. Overall, I like the paper and the theoretical contribution is definitely valuable. However, the current benchmark is too limited to be fully convincing.

[1] Provost, Foster J., Tom Fawcett, and Ron Kohavi. "The case against accuracy estimation for comparing induction algorithms." ICML. Vol. 98. 1998. 
[2] Eggensperger, Katharina, et al. "Towards an empirical foundation for assessing bayesian optimization of hyperparameters." NIPS workshop on Bayesian Optimization in Theory and Practice. 2013.



