The authors investigate the human question that requires K-ary answers. They manually define a PCFG for the "warship" domain, which contains hidden colored shapes in a partially visible grid (i.e., some tiles are visible or empty because they are part of a specific color of the ship). The agent's task is to ask a question with a word answer that provides as much information as possible about the state of the board. The PCFG served as a precursor to questions, which were defined as statements in the Lambda calculus. The goodness of a question was defined as a linear function of its informativeness (expected information gain), its complexity (its length or the probability of it being rewritten by the PCFG with a uniform distribution over rewrite rules), and the "answer type" (e.g., whether it provides a true/false or color as an answer). The human data came from a previously published paper and was hand-coded into their grammar. The authors compared segmented versions of the model through leave-one-out cross-validation and found that all factors contributed a non-negligible amount (although complexity was clearly the most important). Finally, they presented a series of novel questions.

Question asking is an important domain within linguistics and hypothesis testing. The authors provide an innovative approach to integrating modern linguistic and cognitive theory to investigate how people ask questions, with the potential to promote novel research in active learning literature with more sophisticated question-asking models. The paper is extremely clear and well-written. The model is properly evaluated from both quantitative and qualitative perspectives.

From the perspective of a computational cognitive scientist, this paper advances the field of self-directed learning. Previous work found that the informativeness of a question was a poor predictor of human question asking. This follow-up paper addresses some of the reasons why this is so (it is secondary to complexity and may be due in part to the size of the potential questions available to the model). Thus, the paper contributes to the cognitive science literature, which may be sufficient to justify its publication in the NIPS.

However, there are serious limitations in their approach, which seem to limit its interest to more general NIPS audiences. Although it may be possible to automate human question reading into statements in some semantic logic, it is not clear how the approach can be extended or expanded to areas of interest to the broader community. The warship domain is small with some specific features, and their method is already computationally strained. The ideas are said to be quite interesting (active learning with more enriched questions) to be of interest, although it may be that the authors need to provide a clear scenario of interest to the broader community where their technique is likely to be applied and provide novel insights.

Minor comments:
1) It may not be clear, but I believe you can compare a nested model with an LL of segmented models and obtain tests of statistical significance.
2) Moving forward, there are other models within the linguistics literature for asking questions in formal semantics and pragmatics. Most of the work on the question under consideration comes from the literature. I have listed some references as indicators of this literature.
Ginsberg, J. (1995). Solving Questions, Part I. Linguistics and Philosophy, 18 (5), 459-527.
Rojes-Esponda, T. (2013). The Roadshow of Communication. Proceedings of Semial (Dialdam), 17, 131-139.