This manuscript describes a new CMA-ES update scheme, the Cholesky-CMA-ES, which estimates the original covariance matrix optimization (with complexity O(d^3)) using a new scheme that runs in O(mu d^2), where d is the optimization problem dimension and \mu is the number of samples per iteration (typically O(log(d)). The core idea of the update is to maintain and update a lower-triangular Cholesky matrix instead of a full covariance matrix (and its corresponding square root). The difference between Cholesky and the original CMA-ES lies in the lack of estimating an (random) orthogonal matrix Et at each step. Under quite restrictive assumptions (namely, assumptions about the convergence of an unknown target covariance matrix in the sequence of covariance matrices), the authors provide an asymptotic argument that the sequence of Et will converge to an identity matrix, and thus the two schemes will become equivalent. The validity of the Cholesky-CMA-ES and its general speed-up performance are demonstrated on selected objective functions using standard runtime and convergence plots, and are compared to two state-of-the-art CMA-ES alternatives that delay the full covariance matrix update through various means. This paper makes a concrete contribution to speeding up the well-known CMA-ES algorithm, which is arguably the best algorithm for non-convex black-box optimization when very little information about the topology of the objective function is available and access to first- or higher-order information is difficult or impossible. The proposed method significantly speeds up the algorithm and shows no degradation in optimization performance on synthetic test cases. Although of general importance, a weak point of any speed-up proposal for CMA-ES is that, in practice, the overall optimization process is affected by the runtime of the black-box oracle (objective function), and often, the actual runtime of CMA-ES is negligible compared to this. Furthermore, in specific scenarios where CMA-ES is used, the dimensionality of the problems does not exceed a few tens of variables. Only in the case where the single function evaluation is of the order of milliseconds or less and the dimensionality is higher, does the runtime of CMA-ES play a significant role, and this is the target scenario here (which may be less realistic in practice). Since it is notoriously difficult to obtain theoretical guarantees for an involved scheme like CMA-ES, I would like to propose some more empirical experiments and plots that could strengthen the presentation of the results. First, it may be instructive to look at the evolution of Et on selected optimization trajectories, for example, in various criteria. I imagine an experiment where full CMA-ES is used and the estimate is computed and compared simultaneously. This will provide more empirical evidence about the actual fluctuation of Et over time. Second, it may be instructive to look at the actual runtime and performance of CMA-ES without delay strategies in this contribution to perfection. Third, although the test functions used are standard in the evolutionary optimization community, I would prefer a simulation study on quadratic functions, where the spectrum of quadratic forms is constantly changing (see, for example, Stitch and Muller, PPSGN 2012), and compare the solution quality and error in the dependence of the spectral distribution on Et. Fourth, it would be instructive to look at a real-world experiment with current simulation results. For example, policy gradient can be a good option in real-time robotics applications where speed really matters and the parameter space is not very large.