This paper proposes a version of CMA-ES with "optimal covariance update and storage complexity." The authors suggest that the proposed modification does not change the algorithm's behavior but makes it cheaper to run. The proposed method is called Cholesky-CMA-ES, and it is misleading because the name was first introduced by T. Sutorp et al. in 2009 for a similar algorithm and is well-known. The authors do not mention this issue; instead, they introduce their version as "our CMA-ES version, called Cholesky-CMA-ES." The proposed method is an incremental modification of the work by Kraus et al. in 2015. More specifically, the only algorithmic contribution is calling RankUpdata (which is also present in Kraus et al.'s work) plus a loop for all individuals, not just one, as in the strategies. Empirically, there is a difference in the cigar function in Figure B: the observed plateau has different objective function values for CMA-ES-Ref and Cholesky-CMA-ES. This may be because the authors plotted the mean results. The paper should compare the proposed approaches of Sutorp's Cholesky-CMA-ES (empirically) and Kraus's Cholesky-CMA-ES (algorithmically). The claim about "optimal covariance update and storage complexity" is slightly misleading. It is not optimal when we consider the Sphere function where we do not need a covariance matrix at all; on Divisible functions, we can only deal with the diagonal. The proposed approach is only two times cheaper than the Cholesky CMA-ES left by Sutorp. The latter is claimed to be prone to numerical instabilities in this paper, but the original paper suggested the opposite. Again, its omission in Figure 3 may mislead the reader about the paper's actual contribution. I don't think the proposed approach changes anything for CMA-ES in terms of large-scale optimization because the complexity is still quadratic. However, I admit that the proposed modification may be the best thing to save time and memory when considering a full covariance matrix. Overall, I think the work is very incremental (algorithmically, it's just a "for" loop). I suggest the following modifications: a) Solve the naming issue; b) Experiment with variants of Sutorp et al. and Kraus et al. and update all 3 figures. If they become unreadable, only the best-performing variant will be shown in the main text, and complete figures will be shown in the supplementary material; c) Clearly state whether the main algorithmic contribution is the "for" loop in Algorithm 1 or explain why it is wrong to think so. Minor comments: "Usually, an eigenvalue decomposition of the covariance matrix is done at each update step." This is unusual, i.e., in all reasonable implementations, it is done periodically.