This paper provides a statistical method for "sewing" together sets of neurons that are continuously imaged, expanding the population size for which population dynamics can be identified simultaneously beyond the number of neurons imaged, and providing a better picture of the circuit that cannot be imaged in totality due to experimental and technological limitations. The method is then applied to simulated data as well as experimental calcium imaging data in rats. The authors show that they can estimate the relationship of variability between two populations that were not simultaneously imaged.

The authors model the problem as fitting a latent dynamic system with missing observations. In this case, they used a simple linear Gaussian system. Four parameters are defined in the model: a functional coupling matrix, a stimulus receiving field matrix that models the stimulus dependence of the population's activity, and two covariance matrices for the neural and measurement noise. The parameters were estimated from experimental data using a type of standard EM algorithm.

Quality
The model works beautifully in simulated data with two non-overlapping populations of neurons, but to get reasonable results when applied to real data, there must be a certain level of overlap of the populations. It is clear that the higher the overlap, the better the results, the question is why overlap was not required in the simulated data example?

Also, the authors did not mention the source of the huge difference in the correlation shown when applying the model to simulated data, such as Figure 2c and in real data, Figure 3b.

The beauty of the model is in recovering the pair-based relationship between pairs of neurons that are not simultaneously imaged.

Clarity
The paper is well-written, although the legends of all the figures are not sufficiently descriptive and the text related to the figures does not discuss the figures in sufficient detail.

Originality
The authors list several works that have addressed the question of estimating functional connections from 2-photon imaging data or electrophysiological measurements. However, these works do not estimate the functional connections of neurons that are not simultaneously imaged.

Significance
There are many fundamental limits to the number of neurons that can be imaged simultaneously. Of course, this limits our ability to reveal the nature of neural computation at the circuit level (or more than a few hundred cells). This paper proposes a method to extend this limited capacity.

Overall, it is a good model paper, which uses a relatively simple linear dynamics model and incorporates measurements that would not be easy to recover otherwise.