This paper demonstrates that by consistently recording data from a subnetwork and then combining the resulting sub-models, the characteristics of a larger network can be inferred. When extended to point-process data, it can be used for many datasets where several channels are typically removed daily. I am not really familiar with any work of this kind (J.W. Pillow and P. Latham, "Neural Characterization in a Partially Observed Population of Spiking Neurons" is probably the closest). It seems like a powerful concept.

In reality, it is unclear to what extent this method is limited to data close to linear-Gaussian data. I didn't get a good sense from the paper of how the deviations from the inference might break down. In the extreme case, where a complete model can be inferred from a subset (up to a linear transformation of the latent variables, according to the authors), it is unclear how much additional information about the coupling matrix can be obtained by adding other subsets.

Another issue that raises some questions is why the model works on real data only when there is some overlap between the two populations? Clearly, this indicates that linear-Gaussian simulated data does not tell the whole story, but it would be good to have at least some idea of what overlap does to further constrain the model.

In tests on real data, where linearity inference is likely to break down, one also has to think about how much of the explained relationships of the noise (which are well-fitted, the couplings themselves are hardly related to the actual couplings in 3b) are due to common input and direct, pair-based couplings. I assume that the relationships of the noise can be better modeled with latent variables than with pair-based couplings.

The authors have given a lot of space in the introduction and discussion, but are horribly light in the details of the inference. The equation of the M step below page 3 is presented as the main contribution, but it is not really explained or derived. Perhaps this is a trivial result for LDS experts, but it will spoil a lot of the novelty of the paper. I think the authors had a very good idea, but it needs to be explained better to properly convey the significance of the results.

A neat concept has been tested against real data, but some details are unclear.