This paper discusses the problem of generating a sequence of sentences from a sequence of natural sentences and describing the provided images. This problem is certainly important in the field of computer vision and pattern recognition research, but it is closely related to generating multiple sentences describing given video content (e.g., [Rohrbach+ 2014]). A single video content can be considered a sequence of images, since the video content can be divided into multiple video shots, and each shot can be well described by a key frame. However, no such research is cited in this paper.

This paper is well-written and easy to follow. The problem is clearly stated and solved using some difficult techniques.

The proposed neural network model, called CRCN, achieves a relationship between a sequence of natural sentences and images. The structure of the proposed model is technically correct and also describes the relationship between the entities discussed very well with the help of an entity-based coherence model.

The method of generating natural sentences is reasonable but quite primitive: each natural sentence is directly associated with a training image similar to the provided image, and all sequences are connected in the order of the corresponding images.

In section 4.1, "We reuse the Disneyland blog data from [11] and collect new data from NYC using the same crawling method as in [11]," the dataset is not published, and the corresponding research paper does not describe how to crawl the dataset. This indicates that the authors of this paper are almost the same as the authors of [11], and therefore the identity is intentionally concealed in this situation.

Equation (2) may be incorrect, as it implies that st can only originate from ot and thus the network is not fully connected. The proposed neural network model is technically correct and also describes the relationship between the entities discussed very well with the help of an entity-based coherence model. Meanwhile, the method of generating sentences for the given image stream is quite ad hoc. I think this paper can be accepted as a poster paper.