After refuting additional comments:

The authors need to do a better job of motivating the problem for machine learning, so that the paper is accessible to a wider audience. The authors need to provide a latent variable model (with a graphical model representation) where these tensor decomposition parameters can be learned: consider a model where the latent variable h1 is connected to the observed variable x1, h2 to x2, and so on. Assume a linear model from the hidden to the observed variable and an arbitrary dependence between hi's. In this case, there is a linear decomposition of the observed moment tensor and its multilinear rank is dim(h1), dim(h_2). The authors need to add this discussion and possibly provide an image illustrating this model. The authors should also mention that it is possible that only some of the hidden variables are of smaller dimensions and others are not, which was a major advantage for the new results in the paper.

The paper considers a convex-optimization based tensor decomposition using the structured scatence norm for tensors. The authors use the overlapped scatence norm and show how it guarantees better reconstruction. The paper is well-written and makes a technically important contribution. If a few technical and notational issues are fixed, the paper will be more readable.

*Clarification regarding Theorem 2 and its proof:
The statement of Theorem 2 is not technically correct: the elements are only recovered up to one permutation. Although a minor problem, the authors should mention this.
 Theorem 2 states that (12) immediately leads to (13). This requires a justification.
 Proof of Lemma 5 is missing. Lemma 5 forms a key part of Theorem 2.
 Proof of Lemma 4 is better clarified than mentioning any other paper, although it is simple.
*Minor problem:
More related work on HOSVD and other methods for tensor decomposition needs to be added:
The authors can mention how higher-order SVD and its variants create approximate bounds for tensor decomposition. See the Colder review on Tensor Decomposition (Section 4).
 The concept of rank that the authors use, which they refer to as mode-rank, is also referred to as multilinear rank. The authors can mention this and mention that there are different concepts of tensor rank in the introduction.
 The authors can briefly discuss the computational complexity of the methods employed.
 The authors need to clarify their discussion of incoherence after (10). The authors use this term to mean that they require different mixing components and their "strength" to spread across the modes, meaning that no component or mode can have too many singular values. The authors noted that this is similar to the incoherence conditions of [1,3,10]. I don't see it. In [1,3,10], the incoherence concepts are used for sparse+low rank recovery. However, here, the noise is not sparse. In the condition of [1,3,10], the singular vectors are incoherently with the basis vectors. This is different from the condition here. It is suggested to remove this comparison.
 *Typo/notational problem:
 The superscript notation \hat{\cal{W}}^{(k)} for the elements is confusing. It is suggested to use another symbol for the elements.
 Bad notation: Both \bar{r}k and \underline{r}k are used for k-mode rank. This should be changed. Instead, mult_rank(tensor) can be introduced to indicate multilinear rank.
 Some parentheses are missing in the last line of page 12 in the appendix.
 Summary: "Structure scattering results" should be changed to structured. The paper is well-written and makes a new contribution in finding a good linear tensor decomposition using an overlapped scatence norm and provides a guarantee for recovery. However, some technical clarifications are needed that the authors will hopefully resolve.