The authors present an information-theoretical analysis of the crowdsourcing problem and derive fundamental limits on the number of queries (in the asymptotic sense) per item under such a model. More specifically, the crowdsourcing problem is modeled as an information-theoretical problem of joint source-channel coding (JSCC) with random channel conditions. The channel condition is assumed to be unknown at the encoder, but may or may not be known at the decoder. The item's label is modeled as an i.i.d. source; the taskmaster is modeled as an encoder; the crowd workers are modeled as multiple uses of a channel; and the skill level of the workers is modeled as the random conditions of the channel; and the crowdsourcer is modeled as a decoder. With this model, the authors use existing results on coding rate in the JSCC problem to establish fundamental limits on the number of asymptotic queries per item in crowdsourcing. The authors also provide a lower bound on the error probability of a coding scheme called "k-ary incidence coding" under a specific crowd-sourcing model (or channel under their information-theoretical model). In summary, this is a well-written paper, and may be the first step towards JSCC modeling of the crowdsourcing problem. Some technical notes: 1. The crowdsourcing problem is modeled as JSCC with random channel conditions. The authors use the standard source-channel separation theorem in information theory to derive their results (theorems 2 and 3). However, the authors should first argue that the source-channel separation theorem still applies when there is a random condition in the channel, where the condition at the encoder is unknown, but may or may not be known at the receiver. I believe that the separation theorem still applies in these conditions, but the authors should prove it or find existing evidence. 2. The taskmaster is modeled as an encoder that only sees the item's label, and the crowdsourcer is modeled as a decoder that only sees the labels produced by the workers. However, this model may be too restrictive, as it ignores the fact that both the taskmaster and the crowdsourcer may have access to the original data (item). This knowledge of the original data can provide side information for the encoder and decoder in the JSCC problem. If the side information is only present at the encoder, it may not be helpful, but if it is present at both the encoder and the decoder, or only at the decoder, it can be very helpful. I would have found the model more reliable and realistic if the authors had considered the side information in the model. 3. In section 4.2, commenting on the curves in Figure 2, the authors say that the lower bounds for kIC improve as k and q increase. I think the authors mean that the lower bound gets smaller as k and q increase, which means that code performance may improve. However, this does not mean that the lower bound itself improves, as there is no upper bound to compare it to. Edited after the authors' response: It is interesting to use joint source-channel coding to model crowdsourcing, but (as another reviewer pointed out) a non-asymptotic characterization of the fundamental limits of CS would be more useful. The authors should take a look at the recent results of Costina and Verdu, which relate to non-asymptotic changes for JSCC: V. Costina and S. Verdu, "Lossy joint source-channel coding in a finite block length system", IEEE Trans. on Information Theory, Vol. 59, No. 5, pp. 2545-2575, May 2013