Summary: The authors, Hidden Markov Model experts, consider the problem of learning a mixture of models. The authors first suggest using a spectral learning algorithm to learn a set of parameters for the Hidden Markov Model, and then provide a method to resolve the permutation ambiguity in the transition matrix to recover its underlying block-diagonal structure.

Key Comments:
1. I found this paper to be very well-written for the most part. The experimental results section could have been a little more detailed. In particular,
2. The authors rely on the fact that a mixture of Hidden Markov Models can be expressed as a single HMM. A major reason, if not the primary reason, for learning a mixture of HMMs directly, as opposed to a single HMM, is that the block-diagonal structure of the HMM mixture is sparse. This sparsity can apply to problems that are considered too large to learn with a full model, especially if the problem is large and the amount of training data is small. However, in this paper, the author's algorithm relies first on accurately estimating the full HMM parameters, then reverses the permutation to find the block-diagonal structure. This seems completely unacceptable for most real-world problems. Do the authors have suggestions on when their algorithm might be suitable and when it might not?
3. Furthermore, in practice, the recovered transition matrix is unlikely to be sparse. Is there any way to guarantee that the transition matrix learned by the spectral algorithm suggested in this paper will be sparse (near-sparcely)? I doubt that there are many HMM models with a full transition matrix that are close to the sparse model the authors are looking for. It is not entirely clear that the matrix learned through [1,2] will be sparse with very little noise.
4. I am really concerned that the experimental results do not accurately reflect the reality of the noise in the transition matrix. For example, in section 4.1, the authors apply their algorithm to a transition matrix that is perturbed by noise sampled from a Dirichlet distribution... but this is a paper about learning the mixture of HMM parameters, not just about randomizing the matrix. Shouldn't the authors sample the observation data from the HMM mixture and then learn all the parameters back from the observed data? This would provide a more accurate idea of how the noise in the observation and the small amount of data actually reflect in the learned transition matrix, and how difficult it is to randomize the matrix in the presence of this noise.
5. The experiment in section 4.2 is starting to achieve what I was hoping for in the previous section, but there is not enough information to evaluate the quality of the experiment. In particular, I have no idea what the HMM mixture actually looked like. The actual parameters of the transition and observation matrices are very important for evaluating how easy or difficult it is to learn the model from the data. I would like to know more about the specifics of these parameters (the authors could put it in the appendix if they feel there is a lack of space).
6. In Table 1, why does EM not perform better than EM alone with spectral learning when starting with spectral learning? Shouldn't EM only improve the results?

Minor Comments:
1. I believe that in the proof in section 3.2.1, the subscript K in \Lambda should be in the lower right corner of the first matrix, not in 2.
2. The numbers in the text and figures are too small.

The paper has some interesting ideas and good theoretical results. I am concerned that this method is unlikely to work in practice on real datasets.