Here is a summary of a research paper.

This paper is related to solving large-scale (up to millions of features and trillions of parameters) covariance selection problems. It considers a heuristic called CLIME, which is known to provide an heuristic of the accuracy matrix of a Gaussian vector. This matrix can be solved column-wise, which is easier for distributed computation. Theoretical analysis claims to be easier than graphical-based methods. The authors have created a new algorithm to adapt CLIME by solving the problem by blocks instead of columns, which is associated with an imperfect direction method of the multiplier. The theoretical results of the algorithm's convergence rate are mentioned in terms of the objective function and the distance to optimization. Special attention has been paid to special matrix structures (rare and low-rank) when computing, so that computational pressure can be reduced. The algorithm is implemented within a scalable parallel computation framework for both shared and distributed memory systems. In numerical research, direct competitors are compared in terms of runtime on both synthetic and real data. A detailed study related to this new algorithm is provided to evaluate speed increases with respect to block size and number of cores in both shared memory and distributed memory systems.

Comments:
This paper is well-written and very clear. The novelties and contributions brought by the method are clearly mentioned in the introduction, and the connection with existing works is clearly established, with well-worded bibliographic references. The algorithm is presented beautifully, with a good balance between the technical aspects of numerical analysis/algebra and the theoretical certainty of the convergence rate. Numerical analysis is appropriate, and the implementation of the algorithm shows very impressive performance.

My only concern is the availability of such a method: if the source code (mostly based on open-source libraries) is not made available to the community, then there is no point in such work.

This is a reliable algorithmic paper that discusses important practical problems of covariance selection when the dimension is very large (up to millions of variables). Such a powerful tool should be rewarded through publication if it is made available to the community.