Deep RL (using deep neural networks for function approximators in RL algorithms) has achieved some success in solving RL in large state spaces. This empirically driven work is based on these methods. It introduces a new algorithm that performs better in new 3D environments from raw sensory data and allows for better generalization across goals and environments. Notably, this algorithm was the winner of the Visual Doom AI competition.

The core idea of their algorithm is to use additional low-dimensional observations (such as ammo or health provided by the game engine) as a supervised goal for prediction. Importantly, this prediction is conditioned on a goal vector (which is given, not learned) and dependent on the current action. Once trained, the best action for the current state can be chosen as the action that maximizes the predicted outcome according to the goal. Unlike successor feature representation, learning here is done under supervision, and there is no TD relationship between the current state and the predicted future state.

There is some previous work on both predicting future states and goal-driven function approximators as part of RL, which the authors reviewed in section 2. The main contributions of this work are focusing on Monte Carlo assumptions (instead of TD), the use of low-dimensional 'measures' for prediction, parameterized goals, and perhaps most importantly, empirical comparisons with relevant previous work.

In addition to comparing with Visual Doom AI, the authors show that their algorithm is capable of learning generalizable principles that can respond to limited changes in the goal without further training.

The paper is well-illustrated, and the empirical results are compelling, and it will be of significant interest.

Some minor potential improvements:

*   There is an approximation in supervised training because it is creating an on-policy estimate, but it learns from a replay buffer (the remaining part of the trajectory with Monte Carlo regression is assumed to follow the current policy, but samples are taken from episodes created by a previous version of the policy). This should be discussed.
*   The algorithm uses additional metadata (information about which parts of the sensory input are worth predicting) that comparable algorithms do not. I think this and the limitations of this method (such as it may not work well if such measures are not provided in the sensory environment) should be more clearly stated.