This paper applies Richardson-Romberg (RR) extrapolation to stochastic gradient Langevin dynamics (SGLD) to reduce the bias introduced by gradient estimation noise. The resulting SGRRLD algorithm exhibits asymptotically lower bias and mean squared error (MSE) than SGLD. Experiments with a synthetic Linear Gaussian Model demonstrate the advantage of the new algorithm. While experiments on the MovieLens dataset show a slight improvement in test RMSE, these results are somewhat marginal. Richardson-Romberg extrapolation has previously been shown to improve the convergence rate of Monte Carlo estimates for stochastic differential equations (SDEs), and this work successfully applies this technique to stochastic gradient Markov Chain Monte Carlo (SG-MCMC) algorithms. The authors prove that, under certain conditions, SGRRLD converges faster than SGLD with the same step size, albeit at the cost of running two parallel Markov chains. 

The algorithm description is clear, and the proposed approach appears relatively straightforward to implement. The synthetic experiments clearly illustrate SGRRLD’s ability to reduce bias in that specific scenario. It would be beneficial to see further experiments with real-world datasets to demonstrate that this modification to SGLD consistently and significantly reduces bias in practical applications.

I have not verified the proof details of Theorems 1 and 2, but I am curious about the conditions required for *U* to satisfy both theorems. Specifically, can *U* be multi-modal? Intuitively, if the gradient noises are uncorrelated, the two chains should quickly become uncorrelated, even if the underlying Gaussian noise is correlated. I’d like to understand how the combination of these two chains leads to a reduction in the error order. Do the authors observe any correlation between the two chains when running experiments on real datasets?

My main concern relates to the experimental setup and the real data experiments. The authors claim that the computational time is comparable to SGLD due to parallelization. However, we can also run SGLD with multiple parallel chains within the same timeframe. If we compare the estimation from two chains of SGLD with SGRRLD, would the same improvement in RMSE still be observed? 

Another point is that, in the real data experiment, SGRRLD is compared with step sizes of γ and γ/2, against SGLD with a step size of γ. A more appropriate comparison would also include SGLD with a step size of γ/2 (which would have lower bias, and could also be run with two parallel chains). Furthermore, more real data experiments are needed to provide a more robust evaluation of the proposed method.



