This paper presents an improvement to existing Stochastic Gradient Markov Chain Monte Carlo (SG-MCMC) methods by proposing a Richardson-Romberg scheme, which demonstrably improves convergence rates in terms of both bias and Mean Squared Error (MSE). A key strength is the simplicity of implementation, requiring only minimal modifications to traditional SG-MCMC algorithms. The theoretical results supporting the method are also solid. Essentially, the paper introduces a Romberg-Richardson scheme designed to accelerate the convergence of standard SG-MCMC, and both the method itself and the underlying theory appear sound.

My primary concern relates to the derivation of the specific convergence rates presented in the theorem (as detailed in the “explain fatal flaws” section). Aside from this, I have a practical concern regarding the matrix factorization experiment results. Running the proposed method on a single-core computer inherently takes approximately three times longer than standard SG-MCMC due to the use of two chains, one of which requires twice the number of steps. If this increased computational cost is considered, the plots in Figure 5 may be misleading. Specifically, the time taken for SGLD should be multiplied by a factor of 2/3 to accurately reflect the comparable computational effort, which would likely diminish the observed difference between SGLD and SGRRLD.

Regarding Figure 3, the bias plot suggests that the best convergence is actually achieved with α=0.2 (represented by the red curve), rather than the α=1/3 stated in the text. Is there an error here? Furthermore, the optimal convergence curve appears quite fluctuating. Consequently, the observed rate doesn’t clearly align with α=0.2. Could you elaborate on the reasons for this fluctuation? Finally, the paper states (line 256) that when the stepsize is too small, the term 1/Kγ will dominate. I am curious as to why this doesn’t appear to happen in the case of SGLD. 

I also have several minor comments:

*   Eq.1: Why is a different symbol used instead of θ?
*   Line 94: “RR” is used without prior definition.
*   Line 131: Γ<sub>K</sub> is not defined.
*   Line 160: When referring to a “smooth function f,” please specify the type of smoothness being assumed (e.g., Lipschitz continuity).
*   Line 249: Figure 1(b) plots Bias vs. time, but the caption suggests it should be Figure 1(c), which presumably plots Bias vs. dimension.
*   Throughout the paper: Please use bold letters to consistently represent vectors.



