This paper applies Richardson-Romberg (RR) extrapolation to stochastic gradient Langevin dynamics (SGLD) to reduce the bias introduced by gradient estimation noise. The resulting SGRRLD algorithm exhibits asymptotically lower bias and mean squared error (MSE) than SGLD. An experiment using a synthetic Linear Gaussian Model demonstrates the advantage of SGRRLD. Experiments on the MovieLens dataset show a slight improvement in test RMSE, though these results are somewhat marginal. Richardson-Romberg extrapolation has previously been shown to improve the convergence rate of Monte Carlo estimates for stochastic differential equations (SDEs), and this paper successfully applies this technique to stochastic gradient Markov Chain Monte Carlo (SG-MCMC) algorithms. The authors prove, under specific conditions, that SGRRLD converges faster than SGLD with the same step size, at the cost of maintaining two parallel Markov chains. The algorithm is clearly described and relatively straightforward to implement. The synthetic experiments clearly demonstrate SGRRLD’s ability to reduce bias in that setting. It would be beneficial to see more experiments with real datasets to demonstrate that this modification to SGLD significantly reduces bias in practice.

I have not verified the proof details for Theorems 1 and 2, but I am curious about the conditions required for matrix *U* to satisfy both theorems. Specifically, can *U* be multi-modal? Intuitively, if the gradient noises are uncorrelated, the two chains should become quickly uncorrelated, even if the underlying Gaussian noises are correlated. How does the combination of these two chains effectively reduce the order of the error? In the real data experiments, do the authors observe the correlation between the two chains? 

My primary concern regarding the experimental setup and real data experiments is the claim that the computational time is comparable to SGLD when leveraging parallelization. However, one could also run SGLD with multiple parallel chains within the same timeframe. If we compare the estimation from two chains of SGLD with SGRRLD, would the same improvement in RMSE still be observed? Furthermore, the real data experiment compares SGRRLD with step sizes γ and γ/2 against SGLD with a step size γ. A more appropriate comparison would also include SGLD with a step size γ/2, which would naturally have a lower bias (and could also be run with two parallel chains). Finally, conducting more experiments with real-world datasets is strongly encouraged.



