This paper presents a Bayesian approach for estimating states and parameters in a non-linear state-space model, as well as learning transition dynamics using Gaussian process (GP). The estimation process is based on the Particle Markov Chain Monte Carlo (PMCMC), where the concept of recent ancestor sampling has been introduced. The paper also discusses computational efficiency in the case of sparsity and low-rank Cholesky updates.

It is a reliable paper with a technically strong and clear presentation. The online alignment of transition dynamics and the use of ancestor sampling to achieve it are novel. The consideration of computational problems such as sparsity and low-rank updates, and the Cholesky factors of the covariance matrix, further strengthens this paper. The empirical results are concise but sufficient (more suggestions are given below).

In addition to its stated purpose, this paper will likely encourage discussion on the potential advantages/disadvantages of learning transition dynamics without pre-specifying the estimation method and parametric model for non-Marxian state-space models.

Although the space is small, the authors may want to discuss some more about the difference between using a parametric transition model in advance and using a similar model as a GP's mean function. For example, in out-of-sample prediction (e.g., forecasting).

The results of Table 1 and the description in the previous paragraph are somewhat unclear to me. I am not sure whether the RMSE is based on a retained set of data points or on the same data points (*| data in column headings). My main interest will be an RMSE against out-of-sample prediction, especially a forecast over time against retained data. It is in this context that I hope to see the biggest difference between the learned dynamics and the ground-truth model. If this is not already shown in Table 1, an additional column showing it would be a great addition.

One minor point: the CPF-AS acronym is used in Algorithm 1, but it is not defined in the first paragraph of section 3.3.1 below. It is a strong and novel paper that will encourage some interesting discussion.