This paper proposes applying NLP to speech transcripts (describing and detailing) to identify patients with MCI (Mild Cognitive Impairment, ICD-10 code F06.7). The authors claim to have been able to distinguish between healthy participants and MCI patients (lines 141-144). However, in the conclusion, they state on lines 781-785 that "...the accuracy ranges from 60% to 85%... This means that it is not easy to distinguish between healthy individuals and those with cognitive impairment." Therefore, the beginning of the paper is more promising than the conclusion, but nevertheless, the message is encouraging, and the reader is interested in learning more about what has actually been done.

The corpus submitted in the dataset is only for 20 healthy patients and 20 control participants (20+20), and it is not comprehensible to those who do not know the Portuguese language. It would be good to include more technical details in the article and possibly include a small transcript example that has been translated into English, and finally, a (partial) sample network should be created for this transcript with embedding.

- Weaknesses:
The paper begins with a detailed introduction and a review of relevant work. Some reference references are more or less of NLP background, so they can be omitted, such as in section 4.2.3 (Salton 1989). Other references are not directly related to the subject, such as "sentiment classification" and "pedestrian detection in images," lines 652-654, and they can also be omitted. In general, lines 608-621, section 4.2.3, etc., can also be shortened. The proposal is to shorten the first 5 pages, strictly focus the review on the subject of the paper, and consider the technical innovations in more detail, including a sample of the English translation of the ABCD and/or Cinderella description.

The relatively brief description in Portuguese, especially in the ABCD dataset, raises the question of how similarity between words was found to create word embedding. On lines 272-289, the authors explain that they continuously create word-level networks from word representations. What is the source of continuous word representation learning? Are they only the ABCD+Cinderella dataset, or was external corpora used? On lines 513-525, it is written that a sub-word level (n-gram) network was used to create word embedding. Again, what is the source of training? Are we sure that two types of networks provide better accuracy together? And what are the "out-of-vocabulary words" (line 516), where did they come from?

- General Discussion:
It is important to study how NLP can help identify cognitive impairment; from this point of view, the paper is interesting. Another interesting aspect is that it works with NLP for the Portuguese language and it is important to explain how embedding is calculated for a language with relatively fewer resources (compared to the English language).

The text needs to be revised: shortening sections 1-3, shortening 4.1, and adding more explanation about the test. Some clarification can be given about the NURC/SP N. 338 EF and 331 D2 transcription rules.

- Technical Comments:
Line 029: '... as it a lightweight ...' -> '... as in a lightweight ...' should not be?
Line 188: PLN -> NLP
Line 264: 'out of cookie out of the cookie' - some words are repeated twice
Table 3, row 2, column 3: 72.0 -> 72.0
Line 995-996: The DOI number is the same as line 1001-1002; the link behind the title in line 992-993 points to the next paper in the list