This paper explores the problem of identifying patients with mild cognitive impairment (MCI) by analyzing speech transcriptions from three different datasets. A graph-based method is described using co-occurrence information from the words found in the transcripts. Features are encoded using various characteristics of the graph, such as lexical and syntactic features, and many other features. The results are reported using 5-fold cross-validation and various classifiers. Different models from the three datasets show different performances. This work targets a well-defined problem and uses appropriate datasets.

This paper has several shortcomings:

1.  It is difficult to read due to the incorrect use of the English language. A grammar and spelling check of the current manuscript would be very helpful.
2.  The main machine learning problem discussed here is poorly described. What was an example of classification? It seems that each transcript is classified as MCI or No MCI. If this is the case, the number of transcript levels should be described in the dataset description. Data should be described in Tables 1, 2, and 3, not the research that created the transcripts. The age of the patients is irrelevant to the classification task. Many of the writings (2 pages) were only used to describe the dataset, which does not affect the final classification task. Also, I was not sure why the numbers were not being added. For example: Section 4.1.1 states that 326 people were involved. But the total number of men and women in Table 1 is less than 100?
3.  What is the purpose behind enriching the graph? Why should not each word be represented by a node in the graph, regardless of co-occurrence, and connected by similarities in their vectors?
4.  The datasets are taken from a biomedical domain. Domain-specific tools were not used.
5.  Since the class distribution of the datasets is unclear, it is difficult to determine whether accuracy is a good measure for evaluation. In both cases, since it is a binary classification task, F1 could have been a desirable metric.
6.  Results up to 4 decimal places are reported on a very small dataset (43 transcripts), where statistical tests on the increment were not performed. Therefore, it is not clear whether these improvements are significant.