This paper proposes a new approach for learning visual servoing based on Q-learning. The main contributions of this paper are:

1.  A bilinear dynamics model for predicting the next frame (feature) based on the action and the current frame.
2.  Constructing the servoing using a Q-function that learns the weights for different feature channels.
3.  A elegant method for optimizing the Bellman error for Q-function learning.

Advantages:

+ The paper thoroughly discusses various ways to connect the action (ut) and frame representation (yt) to the prediction of the next frame's feature (y_{t+1}). They argue in favor of a locally connected bilinear model, which balances the ability to compute and express.

Disadvantages:

- Although, good arguments have been made for different choices in section 4, I wanted to see more experimental results comparing the 3 methods: fully connected, convolutional, and locally connected dynamics.

Advantages:

+ The idea of weighting different channels to capture the importance of objects in different channels seems more effective than considering errors equally in all channels. This is also experimentally proven, where unweighted performance is consistently worse.
+ Solving the Bellman error in the Q-learning method is a difficult problem. The current paper presents a difficult optimization scheme that is based on the original observation that the Q-function parameter scaling does not affect the best policy. This enables a more elegant FQI method as opposed to the general optimization scheme, where (ct + \gamma minu Q_{t+1}) remains constant.

Disadvantages:

- However, I wanted to see the difference between FQI and similar iterative methods, where the second term of equation 5 remains constant.

Experimental Results:

- Overall, considering the small scale and toy simulations, I do not find the experimental results satisfactory. However, the lack of benchmarks in this area should be acknowledged.
- Also, as mentioned in the pre-review section, the concept of VGG modification needs to be experimentally verified. In its current form, it is not clear whether the modified VGG will perform better than the original version.

Overall, the contribution of this paper is strong in terms of technical novelty and problem formulation. However, the paper could have used more robust tests previously proposed to strengthen its claims.