1) Summary
This paper proposes using spatial feature maps from pre-trained convolutional networks for visual serving (especially target tracking) in general image classification tasks. The authors combine two-linear models of one-step dynamics of visual feature maps across multiple scales with a reinforcement learning algorithm to learn a serving policy. This policy is learned by reducing the average of a regular weight of the distance of features predicted by the aforementioned model of visual dynamics.

2) Contributions
+ Controlled experiments in simulations measuring the utility of pre-trained deep features for visual serving.
+ Clear performance advantages relative to many realistic baselines, including the use of ground truth bounding boxes.
+ principled learning of multi-scale visual feature weights, including an efficient trust-region fitted Q-iteration algorithm to address distracting factors.
+ Good sample efficiency for Q-function approximators and model-based one-step visual dynamics choices.
+ Open-source virtual city environment for benchmarking visual serving.

3) Suggestions for Improvement
- More complex benchmarks:
Although the environment is not just a toy synthetic, the tests would benefit greatly from more complex visual situations (debris, distractions, variations in appearance and speed, environmental richness and diversity, etc.). At the very least, the reality and diversity of physical presence could be greatly improved by using more 3D car models, including more realistic and diverse models that could be obtained from, for example, Google SketchUp, and filling the environment with more distracting cars (traffic or parked). This is important because the main desired quality of the method is robustness to visual variation.
- End-to-end and representation learning:
Although improvements are already significant in the current synthetic tests, it would be interesting to measure the impact of end-to-end training (i.e. fine-tuning the convent), as it is likely needed for better generalization in more challenging visual situations. This would also allow measuring the benefits of deep representation learning for visual serving, which would be relevant for ICLR (there is no representation learning yet, although the authors briefly mention that the method could be directly adapted).
- Reproducibility:
Although the formalization and algorithms are clearly explained, there is a slightly overwhelming repository of described practical techniques and implementation details with varying levels of description across the paper and appendices. It would be helpful to consolidate, simplify, or reconstruct the presentation of these implementation details, but perhaps a better approach would be to simply summarize the most important points and link to an open-source implementation of the method for completeness.
- Typography:
p.2: "learning is a relative[ly] recent addition"
p.2: "be applied [to] directly learn"

4) Conclusion
Despite the above limitations of the tests, this paper is interesting and challenging, partly thanks to excellent answers to the pre-review questions and subsequent improved corrections. It leads me to believe that the authors are able to significantly follow the suggestions mentioned above for improvement, resulting in an even better paper.