The author considers the problem of finding policy parameters that minimize a given risk measure. The class of risk measures considered in the paper is general and is defined by simple consistent properties such as convexity, monotonically increasing, and translation invariance. The presented approach is based on a dual representation of the probability distribution of any consistent risk measure as a convex envelope. The risk envelope of a random variable (such as cost) is given by its maximum expected value. The paper makes an assumption on the family of consistent risk measures, limiting the maximum derivative of the convex envelope's limits (i.e., the envelope's limits are M-Lipschitz continuous). Using this assumption, the author analytically derives a general gradient estimation algorithm for both the optimal policy parameters (with respect to the risk measure) as well as the static case (one-step decision) and the dynamic (or sequential) case.

The paper is well-written and organized. Although I am not familiar with risk-sensitive optimization, I was able to follow most of the explanations. The main contribution of this work is an integrated analysis of a general class of risk measures that includes most of the well-known measures. I believe this is a significant contribution. However, a thorough empirical analysis of the proposed gradient algorithm would be appreciated.

Some comments/questions: 1- The initial part is not clear enough. I was confused about the roles of P_{\theta} and \ksi. 2- Isn't equation 2 just a definition of a convex envelope? Why is it more restrictive than theorem 2.1? 3- I would suggest adding a comment on how the analysis generalizes to distributions over continuous variables. 4- Mentioning the role of smoothing the constraint functions in proving theorem 4.2 would be good in a shorter paper. A strong theoretical paper that provides a general approach to risk-sensitive decision-making. The results seem compelling but need to be verified with evidence.