This paper proposes using Low-Rank Representation (LRR) with a learned dictionary A to improve the effectiveness of RPCA. Specifically, the authors show that the coherence parameter \mu, often considered an obstacle to recovery guarantee in RPCA, can actually correspond to some additional clustering structure in the data. Under certain conditions on the dictionary A, the authors show that such a structure can be leveraged using LRR and the dependence on \mu can be partially removed and theoretically robust guarantees can be obtained in both exact low-rank and sparse decomposition and its noisy extensions.

This method is novel and important for this field. It is closely related to the union-of-subspace structure considered in previous subspace clustering papers such as "Wang and Xu: Noiseous sparse subspace clustering and Probable subspace clustering: When LRR meets SSC", and "Soltanolkotabi and Candes: A Geometric Analysis of Subspace Clustering with Outliers" "Soltanolkotabi et al: Robust Subspace Clustering". However, it is less clear about the notion of "clustering", which is more appropriate and potentially more general. Simulation and real data experiments verify theoretical analysis and I think the new structure can also be found in many other real applications (such as the text data mentioned in the paper).

In summary, this paper is a significant contribution to the field of compressed sensing and I think it should be accepted by NIPS.

That being said, I have several discussions and stylistic suggestions that are summarized in the detailed comments below.
1. Lines 80-82: Some rewriting is needed to clarify the details. What do you mean by "our data"? Also, even if the problem captures all the structures in the problem, there is still another condition to qualify for "perfect recovery".
2. Line 88: ... now not perfect (what?).
3. Please proof-read the papers more carefully for problems like the two above. Be specific and precise about what to claim and what you are referring to in the text. In general, please work on the clarity of language in the paper.
4. Wang and Xu also wrote in their paper "Noiseous sparse subspace clustering" that a high coherence parameter is actually good for subspace clustering (as opposed to RPCA and matrix completion). The main difference from here is that the data does not need to be low-ranked overall, only each cluster must be low-ranked. The structure used here in this paper can be considered as a combination of low-rank structure and union-of-subspace cluster structure.
5. It would be interesting to compare the proposed algorithm with first solving noisy subspace clustering with an \ell_1 penalty and then doing PCA for each subspace. However, no verifiable guarantee exists to date for the latter version.
6. Section 4.2 essentially proposes a new method for solving the subspace clustering problem with sparse corruption in the data. This method leads to significant improvements over standard RPCA+SSC on the Hopkins155 dataset, which I think is a hidden contribution in this paper and the authors should point it out. This paper should be accepted because it includes at least three important contributions to the field, including: 1. A description of a clustering structure that leads to high coherence, 2. Examples of how one can implicitly leverage such a structure using a dictionary in LRR, 3. Partially solving the sparse corruption problem in the subspace clustering problem.