The authors have proposed a general method for evaluating MCMC transition operators based on the recently proposed bidirectional Monte Carlo (BDMC) method. The BDMC method performs two annealed importance sampling (AIS) sweeps, which are essentially the same as the method used in the tempered transitions (TT) method [Neil Stat and Comp 1996], but reinterprets the accumulated probabilities as the lower and upper boundaries of the marginal probabilities. This paper proposes using the difference between these two boundaries as a general performance measure for MCMC transition operators. The technical contributions presented are the implementation of BDMC for the Stan and WebPPPL probabilistic programming systems and a protocol for evaluating the quality of posterior inference. This paper has some strong points and some weak points. The main strong point is that using BDMC to evaluate the convergence of MCMC operators is a beautifully simple concept and easy to implement, which, in my opinion, has a potentially high impact on this work. This is especially true in the context of probabilistic programming systems, which is indeed the intended use case here, and I believe that at least this method should be implemented for all such systems. My main concern is the novelty and depth of the technical contributions. The authors have referred to a work submitted as an archive on BDMC as existing work, but (I think wisely) have chosen to dedicate a relatively larger space to repeating its description. Unfortunately, this does not mean that the main technical contributions presented in sections 3.1 and 3.2 were done somewhat hastily, and unfortunately this is where the quality of the writing has declined somewhat. As a result, some clarity issues arise (see below). Setting aside the clarity issues, the technical contributions of this paper are somewhat general. Compared to existing work on BDMC, the main novelty is that the difference between the lower and upper boundaries itself provides a higher boundary on the Jensen-Shannon divergence. This is indeed a very nice observation, although perhaps not entirely new once. It reminds me of a piece of related work. The authors, somewhat curiously, did not quote Radford Neal's work on tempered transitions [Statistics and Computing (1996) 6, 353-366], which is extremely relevant in this context. This quote is also missing from the BDMC manuscript, which makes me wonder if the authors are actually aware of it. If so, it is unfortunate in the sense that an opportunity to indicate a connection between the two methods has been missed. TT performs the same opposite "heeting" and forward "annealing" sweeps as BDMC, but with the interest of a "tampering" MCMC transition move to improve mixing in multimodal distributions. In TT, the final sample from the reverse sweep is used as the initial sample for the forward sweep, and the final sample from the forward sweep is then used as a proposal that is accepted or rejected based on the proportion of importance accumulated in both sweeps. The proportion of acceptability in TT, as far as I can tell, is exactly the ratio of stochastic lower and upper boundaries. Neal's paragraph 3.3 actually presents an explanation of this proportion of acceptability in terms of two thermodynamic integration estimates that bound log zt - log z1 from above and below, noting that a TT sampler will accept at probability 1 when the two converge. The similarity with TT makes me think even more about why the authors focus more on choosing βt values. In TT, it is well known that very large steps in Δβ = β{t+1}-βt- will lead to a weak acceptability ratio, while very small steps Δβ cancel out the calculation. The stochastic lower and upper boundary ratio in BDMC will also depend on Δβ, and this provides some very clear ideas. If your two boundaries are not close enough, you will have to rerun BDMC with smaller Δβ. Similarly, I suspect that comparisons between MCMC transition operators will probably be unreliable if the difference between the log upper and lower boundaries is >1 nat. When this happens, Δβ will have to be reduced again. I have not yet clearly understood what the "auto" part is in অটোবিডিএমসি, but I think there is an opportunity to create some schedule for repeatedly reducing Δβ until a sufficiently reliable result of inference is obtained. Experiments in this case could have been a little more thorough. It would be nice to see a systematic study of how the lower and upper boundary changes with the step size. Setting aside these criticisms, the technical contributions of this paper are somewhat general. Compared to existing work on BDMC, the main novelty is that the difference between the lower and upper boundaries itself provides a higher boundary on the Jensen-Shannon divergence. This is indeed a very nice observation, although perhaps not entirely new once. It reminds me of a piece of related work. The authors, somewhat curiously, did not quote Radford Neal's work on tempered transitions [Statistics and Computing (1996) 6, 353-366], which is extremely relevant in this context. This quote is also missing from the BDMC manuscript, which makes me wonder if the authors are actually aware of it. If so, it is unfortunate in the sense that an opportunity to indicate a connection between the two methods has been missed. TT performs the same opposite "heeting" and forward "annealing" sweeps as BDMC, but with the interest of a "tampering" MCMC transition move to improve mixing in multimodal distributions. In TT, the final sample from the reverse sweep is used as the initial sample for the forward sweep, and the final sample from the forward sweep is then used as a proposal that is accepted or rejected based on the proportion of importance accumulated in both sweeps. The proportion of acceptability in TT, as far as I can tell, is exactly the ratio of stochastic lower and upper boundaries. Neal's paragraph 3.3 actually presents an explanation of this proportion of acceptability in terms of two thermodynamic integration estimates that bound log zt - log z1 from above and below, noting that a TT sampler will accept at probability 1 when the two converge. The similarity with TT makes me think even more about why the authors focus more on choosing βt values. In TT, it is well known that very large steps in Δβ = β{t+1}-βt- will lead to a weak acceptability ratio, while very small steps Δβ cancel out the calculation. The stochastic lower and upper boundary ratio in BDMC will also depend on Δβ, and this provides some very clear ideas. If your two boundaries are not close enough, you will have to rerun BDMC with smaller Δβ. Similarly, I suspect that comparisons between MCMC transition operators will probably be unreliable if the difference between the log upper and lower boundaries is >1 nat. When this happens, Δβ will have to be reduced again. I have not yet clearly understood what the "auto" part is in অটোবিডিএমসি, but I think there is an opportunity to create some schedule for repeatedly reducing Δβ until a sufficiently reliable result of inference is obtained. Experiments in this case could have been a little more thorough. It would be nice to see a systematic study of how the lower and upper boundary changes with the step size. Setting aside these criticisms, the technical contributions of this paper are somewhat general. Compared to existing work on BDMC, the main novelty is that the difference between the lower and upper boundaries itself provides a higher boundary on the Jensen-Shannon divergence. This is indeed a very nice observation, although perhaps not entirely new once. It reminds me of a piece of related work. The authors, somewhat curiously, did not quote Radford Neal's work on tempered transitions [Statistics and Computing (1996) 6, 353-366], which is extremely relevant in this context. This quote is also missing from the BDMC manuscript, which makes me wonder if the authors are actually aware of it. If so, it is unfortunate in the sense that an opportunity to indicate a connection between the two methods has been missed. TT performs the same opposite "heeting" and forward "annealing" sweeps as BDMC, but with the interest of a "tampering" MCMC transition move to improve mixing in multimodal distributions. In TT, the final sample from the reverse sweep is used as the initial sample for the forward sweep, and the final sample from the forward sweep is then used as a proposal that is accepted or rejected based on the proportion of importance accumulated in both sweeps. The proportion of acceptability in TT, as far as I can tell, is exactly the ratio of stochastic lower and upper boundaries. Neal's paragraph 3.3 actually presents an explanation of this proportion of acceptability in terms of two thermodynamic integration estimates that bound log zt - log z1 from above and below, noting that a TT sampler will accept at probability 1 when the two converge. The similarity with TT makes me think even more about why the authors focus more on choosing βt values. In TT, it is well known that very large steps in Δβ = β{t+1}-βt- will lead to a weak acceptability ratio, while very small steps Δβ cancel out the calculation. The stochastic lower and upper boundary ratio in BDMC will also depend on Δβ, and this provides some very clear ideas. If your two boundaries are not close enough, you will have to rerun BDMC with smaller Δβ. Similarly, I suspect that comparisons between MCMC transition operators will probably be unreliable if the difference between the log upper and lower boundaries is >1 nat. When this happens, Δβ will have to be reduced again. I have not yet clearly understood what the "auto" part is in অটোবিডিএমসি, but I think there is an opportunity to create some schedule for repeatedly reducing Δβ until a sufficiently reliable result of inference is obtained. Experiments in this case could have been a little more thorough. It would be nice to see a systematic study of how the lower and upper boundary changes with the step size. Setting aside these criticisms, the technical contributions of this paper are somewhat general. Compared to existing work on BDMC, the main novelty is that the difference between the lower and upper boundaries itself provides a higher boundary on the Jensen-Shannon divergence. This is indeed a very nice observation, although perhaps not entirely new once. It reminds me of a piece of related work. The authors, somewhat curiously, did not quote Radford Neal's work on tempered transitions [Statistics and Computing (1996) 6, 353-366], which is extremely relevant in this context. This quote is also missing from the BDMC manuscript, which makes me wonder if the authors are actually aware of it. If so, it is unfortunate in the sense that an opportunity to indicate a connection between the two methods has been missed. TT performs the same opposite "heeting" and forward "annealing" sweeps as BDMC, but with the interest of a "tampering" MCMC transition move to improve mixing in multimodal distributions. In TT, the final sample from the reverse sweep is used as the initial sample for the forward sweep, and the final sample from the forward sweep is then used as a proposal that is accepted or rejected based on the proportion of importance accumulated in both sweeps. The proportion of acceptability in TT, as far as I can tell, is exactly the ratio of stochastic lower and upper boundaries. Neal's paragraph 3.3 actually presents an explanation of this proportion of acceptability in terms of two thermodynamic integration estimates that bound log zt - log z1 from above and below, noting that a TT sampler will accept at probability 1 when the two converge. The similarity with TT makes me think even more about why the authors focus more on choosing βt values. In TT, it is well known that very large steps in Δβ = β{t+1}-βt- will lead to a weak acceptability ratio, while very small steps Δβ cancel out the calculation. The stochastic lower and upper boundary ratio in BDMC will also depend on Δβ, and this provides some very clear ideas. If your two boundaries are not close enough, you will have to rerun BDMC with smaller Δβ. Similarly, I suspect that comparisons between MCMC transition operators will probably be unreliable if the difference between the log upper and lower boundaries is >1 nat. When this happens, Δβ will have to be reduced again. I have not yet clearly understood what the "auto" part is in অটোবিডিএমসি, but I think there is an opportunity to create some schedule for repeatedly reducing Δβ until a sufficiently reliable result of inference is obtained. Experiments in this case could have been a little more thorough. It would be nice to see a systematic study of how the lower and upper boundary changes with the step size. Setting aside these criticisms, the technical contributions of this paper are somewhat general. Compared to existing work on BDMC, the main novelty is that the difference between the lower and upper boundaries itself provides a higher boundary on the Jensen-Shannon divergence. This is indeed a very nice observation, although perhaps not entirely new once. It reminds me of a piece of related work. The authors, somewhat curiously, did not quote Radford Neal's work on tempered transitions [Statistics and Computing (1996) 6, 353-366], which is extremely relevant in this context. This quote is also missing from the BDMC manuscript, which makes me wonder if the authors are actually aware of it. If so, it is unfortunate in the sense that an opportunity to indicate a connection between the two methods has been missed. TT performs the same opposite "heeting" and forward "annealing" sweeps as BDMC, but with the interest of a "tampering" MCMC transition move to improve mixing in multimodal distributions. In TT, the final sample from the reverse sweep is used as the initial sample for the forward sweep, and the final sample from the forward sweep is then used as a proposal that is accepted or rejected based on the proportion of importance accumulated in both sweeps. The proportion of acceptability in TT, as far as I can tell, is exactly the ratio of stochastic lower and upper boundaries. Neal's paragraph 3.3 actually presents an explanation of this proportion of acceptability in terms of two thermodynamic integration estimates that bound log zt - log z1 from above and below, noting that a TT sampler will accept at probability 1 when the two converge. The similarity with TT makes me think even more about why the authors focus more on choosing βt values. In TT, it is well known that very large steps in Δβ = β{t+1}-βt- will lead to a weak acceptability ratio, while very small steps Δβ cancel out the calculation. The stochastic lower and upper boundary ratio in BDMC will also depend on Δβ, and this provides some very clear ideas. If your two boundaries are not close enough, you will have to rerun BDMC with smaller Δβ. Similarly, I suspect that comparisons between MCMC transition operators will probably be unreliable if the difference between the log upper and lower boundaries is >1 nat. When this happens, Δβ will have to be reduced again. I have not yet clearly understood what the "auto" part is in অটোবিডিএমসি, but I think there is an opportunity to create some schedule for repeatedly reducing Δβ until a sufficiently reliable result of inference is obtained. Experiments in this case could have been a little more thorough. It would be nice to see a systematic study of how the lower and upper boundary changes with the step size. Setting aside these criticisms, the technical contributions of this paper are somewhat general. Compared to existing work on BDMC, the main novelty is that the difference between the lower and upper boundaries itself provides a higher boundary on the Jensen-Shannon divergence. This is indeed a very nice observation, although perhaps not entirely new once. It reminds me of a piece of related work. The authors, somewhat curiously, did not quote Radford Neal's work on tempered transitions [Statistics and Computing (1996) 6, 353-366], which is extremely relevant in this context. This quote is also missing from the BDMC manuscript, which makes me wonder if the authors are actually aware of it. If so, it is unfortunate in the sense that an opportunity to indicate a connection between the two methods has been missed. TT performs the same opposite "heeting" and forward "annealing" sweeps as BDMC, but with the interest of a "tampering" MCMC transition move to improve mixing in multimodal distributions. In TT, the final sample from the reverse sweep is used as the initial sample for the forward sweep, and the final sample from the forward sweep is then used as a proposal that is accepted or rejected based on the proportion of importance accumulated in both sweeps. The proportion of acceptability in TT, as far as I can tell, is exactly the ratio of stochastic lower and upper boundaries. Neal's paragraph 3.3 actually presents an explanation of this proportion of acceptability in terms of two thermodynamic integration estimates that bound log zt - log z1 from above and below, noting that a TT sampler will accept at probability 1 when the two converge. The similarity with TT makes me think even more about why the authors focus more on choosing βt values. In TT, it is well known that very large steps in Δβ = β{t+1}-βt- will lead to a weak acceptability ratio, while very small steps Δβ cancel out the calculation. The stochastic lower and upper boundary ratio in BDMC will also depend on Δβ, and this provides some very clear ideas. If your two boundaries are not close enough, you will have to rerun BDMC with smaller Δβ. Similarly, I suspect that comparisons between MCMC transition operators will probably be unreliable if the difference between the log upper and lower boundaries is >1 nat. When this happens, Δβ will have to be reduced again. I have not yet clearly understood what the "auto" part is in অটোবিডিএমসি, but I think there is an opportunity to create some schedule for repeatedly reducing Δβ until a sufficiently reliable result of inference is obtained. Experiments in this case could have been a little more thorough. It would be nice to see a systematic study of how the lower and upper boundary changes with the step size. Setting aside these criticisms, the technical contributions of this paper are somewhat general. Compared to existing work on BDMC, the main novelty is that the difference between the lower and upper boundaries itself provides a higher boundary on the Jensen-Shannon divergence. This is indeed a very nice observation, although perhaps not entirely new once. It reminds me of a piece of related work. The authors, somewhat curiously, did not quote Radford Neal's work on tempered transitions [Statistics and Computing (1999) 6, 353-366], which is extremely relevant in this context. This quote is also missing from the BDMC manuscript, which makes