The authors consider the problem of assessing the reliability of MCMCs' outputs and comparing the effectiveness of MCMC schemes. They propose to do this using the log-terminal probability given by the bidirectional Monte Carlo (BMC) method, using upper and lower stochastic bounds. The idea is, for example, to choose one of the available MCMC schemes that generates the tightest BMC stochastic bound using the same computational effort. The main challenge is that BMC requires an accurate sample from the target measure to generate a valid stochastic upper bound. The authors propose some heuristics to overcome this problem. Their solution, in the context of Bayesian posterior sampling, involves performing diagnostics on the posterior generated by synthetic data, instead of the real data, based on the argument that it is easier to generate good approximate samples for such posters. Finally, the proposed method is tested on some examples. The idea of diagnostics of MCMC convergence using the stochastic lower bound given by the bidirectional Monte Carlo is interesting. Even if the method seems specific to AIS and SMC sampler schemes and only generates diagnostics based on the terminal probability, it may still be valuable because it is an attempt to create theoretically fair MCMC diagnostic tools. However, there are various implementation flaws that, in my opinion, do not make the proposed diagnostic method very appealing. These flaws arise from the heuristic method, which tries to overcome the fact that the bidirectional Monte Carlo requires an accurate sample from the posterior. I mention three of them. - Firstly, the authors assume that a value of the hyperparameter, \eta{real}, is already known (e.g., from a previously run MCMC), which represents the entire posterior. It assumes that the algorithm used to find \eta{real} has converged (which is essentially the main problem of interest) and that the posterior can be well summarized with a single value. Both assumptions are strong and generally unreasonable. - Then they assume that the characteristics of the posterior induced by the synthetic data generated from \eta{real} (in the case of MCMC convergence) are similar to the original posterior. This is again an unreasonable assumption, for example, it should be carefully supported in situations involving incorrect model specification. It seems that the authors are trying to "change the problem," that is, perform diagnostics on a different posterior to overcome the difficulty created by the bidirectional Monte Carlo. - Then they take an optimistic view that the MCMC algorithm of interest will be able to quickly generate a sample from the posterior that is almost exact (which may or may not be). Therefore, the proposed method seems to rely on various assumptions, which, importantly, are closely related to what we wanted to evaluate in the first case (the convergence characteristics of the main MCMC algorithm). I appreciate the fact that some simple examples are shown in section 5.1 where these problems do not affect the conclusions obtained from the proposed method. Still, a few simple examples are not convincing enough that the various problems identified by the authors themselves will not be important in other, perhaps more complex, examples. The authors criticize the previously proposed convergence diagnostic tools because they may fail in multimodal cases or where a small number of summary statistics are not sufficiently expressible (lines 203-205). I think the authors should explain why their method can do better in such situations and provide some evidence. More generally, I think simulations would be good for comparing their method with commonly used diagnostic methods (as described in section 4), where situations where it generates more reliable diagnostics can be shown.