This paper studies the convergence of EM algorithms (and iterative heuristics for maximum likelihood estimation) for learning spherical Gaussian mixtures, and presents the following results showing non-convergence in global maxima: 1. Even when the mixture contains 3 clusters that are very far apart and with infinite samples, algorithms like EM can get stuck in local optima. 2. For mixtures of k Gaussians, random initialization for EM is successful with a maximum probability of exp(-\Omega(k)). 3. gradient EM will not generally converge in strict saddle points; therefore, there is generally a poor local maxima problem. This paper presents a consistent set of results showing that EM does not converge in global maxima (even with infinite samples). However, I think the results are not too surprising, and the techniques also follow expected lines. The main poor example is a mixture with 3 components: two of them are close to each other, and the third is far from both. They show that for the log-probability objective, the first two components have a local maxima with a center, and the far-flung cluster has two centers. This is quite expected behavior, especially when the centers are >> \sqrt{d} apart. Under this amount of separation, the clusters do not overlap and the learning mixtures of spherical Gaussians become similar in taste to k-means. Similar examples provide poor examples of Lloyd's algorithm for k-means clustering. This example has been extended to k components with a good iterative construction – it requires some effort, but is still somewhat expected. Similarly, random initialization fails for similar reasons as k-means clustering with a similar failure probability (for k-means, this acts as an incentive to choose k logk centers, or distance-squared samples). To conclude, while the results tell a consistent story about non-convergence in global optima, I think it is somewhat along expected lines. Comments: 1. Kumar-Kannan provide a convergence guarantee for Lloyd's heuristic for k-means clustering (and therefore for Gaussian mixtures under sufficient separation conditions). While EM differs from Lloyd's heuristic when the Gaussians are not sufficiently separated (as in Balakrishnan-Venराइट-Yu), they essentially appear when there is large separation (this is true for the poor examples here). Therefore, I think a comparison with k-means (and Lloyd's heuristic) that also compares this result would be very useful.