This paper addresses the expectation-maximization (EM) algorithm for estimating a set of mean parameters for a mixture model of Gaussian variables. The number of Gaussian variables, the weights of the mixture, and the covariance matrix of the Gaussian variables are known and fixed. This paper is theoretical and proves three negative results for the EM algorithm: 1) Even for large sample sizes, there can be local maxima for the likelihood function, whose probabilities can be arbitrarily smaller than the maximum probability. 2) An EM algorithm started randomly converges to a critical point with a high probability, whose probability is arbitrarily smaller than the maximum probability. 3) The same negative result applies to the gradient EM algorithm. I think the question addressed by the paper is interesting and noteworthy. To obtain rigorous proof, the paper is limited to a simplified mixture model of Gaussian variables: the number of components is known, the weights are known and equal, and the covariance matrix is equal to the identity. I don't think these simplifications are a problem, given that the proof is already technical, and the results obtained are already informative. In my opinion, these results are very interesting and can be useful for better understanding the EM algorithm in practice. It should be noted that the paper is written as if it addresses a case of normal dimension d, while the proof addresses the case d=1. Perhaps the author could write whether similar proof would be possible for an arbitrary dimension d, and if not, briefly mention the additional difficulties of the case larger than 1. My only concern about the paper is the proof of Theorem 1 (unfortunately, I did not read the proof in the supplementary material). I think this proof is too short, and I would prefer to shorten it, shortening some of the discussions in the paper. The part of the proof where I think more detail should be given is from line 288 to 306. The author provides the limits of the peaks of the likelihood functions on some domains (such as gamma or R going to infinity). I have no problem with calculating the limits of the likelihood functions evaluating certain parameters, so that, for example, I assume that the three equations in line 288 should be correct. Still, obtaining the limit of the maximum is not entirely clear to me when the domain is unbounded or depends on the parameters that go to infinity. Similarly, the author mentions in some places that the likelihood function is continuous, but this does not directly mean that the type of convergence mentioned in the paper, in my opinion. I think more detail, and therefore a longer proof, is necessary so that the reader can be fully convinced of the validity of the proof of Theorem 1. Finally, I have another small concern with the part of the paper that addresses gradient EM, from line 162 to line 172. I found this part more difficult than the rest of the paper. In particular, perhaps the author could give more clarification on how equation (5) is obtained.