This paper studies the structure of local maxima of the log-probability function of the Gaussian mixture model (with identity as equal mixing weights and covariance). It presents three results related to this topic: 1. It provides a counter-example showing that there exist local maxima (when k = 3 and d=1) whose probability is arbitrarily worse than the global maximum. 2. They show, with random initialization, that the probability of convergence to a bad local maximum can rapidly decrease in k when Gaussian means are configured in a particular way. 3. They also show that gradient EM almost certainly does not converge to the saddle point of log-probability.

Summary: This paper studies the structure of local maxima of the log-probability function of the Gaussian mixture model (with identity as equal mixing weights and covariance). It presents three results related to this topic: 1. It provides a counter-example showing that there exist local maxima (when k = 3 and d=1) whose probability is arbitrarily worse than the global maximum. 2. They show, with random initialization, that the probability of convergence to a bad local maximum can rapidly decrease in k when Gaussian means are configured in a particular way. 3. They also show that gradient EM almost certainly does not converge to the saddle point of log-probability.

Technical Quality: I only checked the proofs in the main paper (Theorem 1), and I think the proofs are correct. After reading the analysis of Theorem 1, I think the proof idea for Theorem 2 also seems reasonable, although I did not check the details in the appendix. All three theorems are well understood after their statements.

Novelty and Originality: This paper connects the mean configuration of the GMM to its log-probability local maxima. I think this observation, although intuitive, is very original. And I think the main idea of Theorem 2, based on Theorem 1, that the hierarchical grouping structure of true means determines local maxima for k > 3, is also very clever.

Potential Impact and Usefulness: I think the results can have a good impact on both theory and practice: in theory, it can inspire the study of local optimal structures of related clustering tasks, such as k-means problems; it may also be interesting to check whether their result in Lemma 7 is also true for d > 1; in practice, it shows the importance of seeding enough points in each true cluster, and will probably provide some insights into designing new algorithms.

Clarity and Presentation: This paper does a very good job of presenting its results and explaining the intuition of its analysis. It clearly introduces the problem setup, and provides the intuition and explanation of all its analysis.