This paper (to my knowledge) presents a novel proposal to consider several sentence pair scoring tasks (such as answer set scoring, RTE, paraphrasing, etc.) as examples of a more general task of understanding the semantic relationships between two sentences. Furthermore, they investigate the learning ability of neural network models that are generally applicable to the family of tasks. I find this an exciting proposal that deserves both presentation and further discussion and investigation in CoNLL.

My main problem with this paper is that it seems genuinely incomplete. It should only be accepted for publication with the condition that several updates will be made for the final version:
1 - The first results table needs to be completed.
2 - Given the large number of individual results, the written discussion of the results is too short. More interpretation and discussion of the results are sorely needed.
3 - The abstract promises the presentation of a new, more challenging dataset that the paper does not provide. This discrepancy needs to be addressed.
4 - The results vary considerably across different tasks – could some investigation be done into how and why the model fails for some tasks, and how and why it succeeds for others?

Even if no concrete answers are found, it would be interesting to hear the authors' position on whether this is a question of modeling or inequality between tasks. Does it really work to group them into an integrated whole?
5 - Please include examples of the various datasets used, including both prototypical sentence pairs and pairs that pose problems for classification.
6 - The Ubu.RNN transfer learning model is recommended for new tasks, but is this due to the nature of the data (is it a more general task) or the size of the dataset? How can we determine the answer to that question?

However, despite the crude nature of the paper, it is an exciting approach that could generate very interesting discussion, and I would be happy to see it published in a more refined form.

I assume that this idea may not be shared by other reviewers! A few minor points about the language:
* "weigh" and "weighed" are consistently used in contexts where "weight" and "weighted" are needed.
* There are several incorrect spellings of "sentence" (e.g., "sentene").
* What is "interpunction"?
* An example of "world overlap" instead of "word overlap".