This paper describes a modification of the output layer of recurrent neural network models that enables the model to learn parameters from both gold and projected annotations of low-resource languages. The traditional SoftMax output layer, which defines a distribution over the possible labels, is multiplied by another fully connected layer that models the noise generation process, resulting in another output layer representing a distribution over the noisy labels.

Overall, this is a robust representation. The proposed method is suitable, simple, and elegant. The paper showed good results on POS tagging for eight simulated low-resource languages and two real low-resource languages, using a small set of gold annotations for training and a larger set of cross-linguistically projected annotations. The method is sufficiently modular that researchers with various NLP problems in low-resource situations can use it.

From a practical standpoint, the experimental setup is unusual. Although I can think of some situations where a POS tagger with 1000 token annotations (e.g., evaluation in some DARPA-sponsored research projects) is needed, it is quite rare. Better empirical validity of the proposed method would be to plot the tagging accuracy of the proposed method (and the baseline) while varying the size of the gold annotations. This plot would help answer the following questions: Does this method affect the performance of a target language if we use it with a large number of gold annotations? What is the approximate amount of gold annotations below which this method is beneficial? Does the answer depend on the target language?

In addition to cross-linguistic projection, noisy labels from gold annotations can be found from other sources (e.g., crowd sourcing) and a different tag set. Although the additional potential impact is exciting, the paper only shows the results of cross-linguistic projection with the same tag set.

It is surprising that the proposed training objective gives equal weight to gold versus noisy labels. Since the setup assumes the availability of a small gold-annotated corpus, it would have been informative to know whether it is beneficial to tune the contribution of the two terms in the objective function.

In line 357, the paper describes the projected data as pairs of word tokens (x_t) and their vector representation \tilde{y}, but does not explicitly state what the vector representation looks like (e.g., a distribution over cross-linguistically projected POS tags for this word type). A natural question to ask here is, if we create \tilde{y} using projected POS tags at the token level (without combining all predictions for the same word type), will this method still work? Also, since only one-to-one word alignment is preserved, it is not clear how \tilde{y} can be created for words that are never aligned.

Line 267, replace the two parentheses with an open parenthesis.