The authors motivate PageRank and then present a framework that consists of node and edge weights from a feature model. They state that there was no guarantee of performance in previous algorithms for learning the model's parameters. They plan to solve the methods by combining a previous method for estimating the steady distribution of Markov random walks with the optimization of a gradient-free method used for optimization, when the loss function can only be estimated. They reintroduce a framework under a different name and notation from [21]. They discuss several technical assumptions and a loss function and explain why the problem is difficult to solve. Some theorems binding the estimated gradient are stated. A general gradient-free method is discussed, which uses a biased gradient-free oracle, and a theorem is stated on its performance. They make some more assumptions and create an algorithm for the learning problem and adapt gradient-free methods to their problem, stating some more limitations. They outline some details of experimental results on web graphs used in the related work, but detailed reporting of the results and analysis is given in the appendix. Some parameters are not reported, and the novel algorithm is declared to perform better than other algorithms, but there is no discussion on the extent or implications of the improvement. It is not clear whether a diverse set of graphs was considered for testing. The writing is full of grammatical errors. The quotes are awkward, the problem is called supervised PageRank with a quote from [21], but only semi-supervised PageRank appears there. I am not sure that the solved problem is impressive. Your limitations are strong, but I doubt whether the stated technical assumptions will hold up in empirical data. Some assumptions seem limited, for example, your narrowing of the search space for phi around some chosen phi0 for an R-ball can greatly limit the efficacy/applicability of your algorithm, which should be discussed. My biggest problem with the paper is that all the meat appears in the appendix. You neither provide an outline of the evidence nor complete empirical results. How did you choose phi0 and R in the empirical results section? Did you run the test on more than one graph? You do not report any tables or specific results in the main part of the paper. What are the practical results of your improvements? Your limitations and analysis and algorithm may be powerful, but the content in the paper itself fails to convince me.