This paper presents an extension of the low-order spectrogram-factorization model of word analysis, which generalizes latent causes to an arbitrary (possibly overcomplete) basis set. This means that analysis can also be performed on "multiresolution" (e.g., tonal + temporal) bases. It is believed to aid in source separation and denoise. It starts with Favot and others' Gaussian composite model, which models the variance of each cell in the spectrogram with a low-order matrix factorization. It then extends the underlying convolution with multiple Gaber impulse responses corresponding to each row of the spectrogram, giving a pure time-domain expression for what is being inferred. This can be modified to work for sets of various impulse responses, including non-orthogonals. An EM (local optimum) analysis method is presented.

Quality: I think it is an interesting insight, although I am still trying to figure out its exact implications. It seems, to begin with, that it is another way of understanding Favot's GCM, but the ability to include overcomplete dictionaries is good. On the other hand, it seems that it will create some complexity, and I did not immediately understand why it did not create more problems. I assume that the estimation method is correct (and I am impressed by this type of analysis), although I could not follow it in detail.

Clarity: The work is well explained and the reasons are also stated. However, the assessment was very superficial - we are given a fully illustrative result and an SNR improvement measure: I don't think we can draw any conclusions from a single example. I was grateful for the included word examples, but I was not very impressed. Firstly, the OMLSA improved example seems much longer than the new result (7 seconds C/W 2 seconds), which makes me wonder if the comparison was fairly done. Secondly, although OMLSA includes more background noise (partly because it is longer), the speech seems much higher quality to me. Very important errors have been created for denoise of the music example - I would expect conventional wavelet compression or Winner filtering to give much more perceived quality in this case.

Originality: The work seems to be very dependent on Favot and others' basis, although the time-domain interpretation certainly made me think about it in a new way.

Importance: Externally, the ability to apply matrix-factorization techniques to overcomplete bases seems to have significant implications. However, the examples and assessment presented in this work were so weak and superficial that nothing could be shown, so it is just an act of believing that this work has enough significance. The reconstruction of word analysis for potential matrix-factorization in terms of a time-domain kernel allows an EM analysis for a multiresolution (overcomplete) basis. However, weak assessment and significant errors in the examples have failed to demonstrate its importance in its current form.