This paper studies a specific class of feedforward neural networks that can be trained for global optimization with linear convergence rates using nonlinear spectral methods. This method was applied to deep networks with one and two hidden layers. Experiments were conducted on a series of real-world datasets. This paper studies a specific class of feedforward neural networks that can be trained for global optimization with linear convergence rates using nonlinear spectral methods. This method was applied to deep networks with one and two hidden layers. Experiments were conducted on a series of real-world datasets. According to the authors, the class of feedforward neural networks studied is restricted and intuitive, by imposing non-negativity on the network weights and maximizing the regularization of these weights. Furthermore, the optimization condition requires a less popular activation function called the generalized polynomial. Not all of these assumptions are entirely justified. Detailed and careful explanations from the perspective of applications or real-world datasets are helpful, rather than making overly restrictive assumptions to achieve global optimization. The authors claimed that the class of feedforward neural networks studied still has enough expressive power to model complex decision boundaries and achieve good performance. However, empirical experimental results do not strongly support the above claim. It seems that linear SVMs perform better than NLSM1 and NLSM2 in cases where the linear SVM is not properly tuned, while the NLSM tunes its network structures. Furthermore, as we know, NLSM is a nonlinear model, it is strange why linear SVMs are used as a baseline, rather than nonlinear SVMs such as polynomial kernels or Gaussian kernels. Thus, the comparisons are not fair, and conclusions based on these comparable results are not convincing. In other words, these results cannot prove the sufficient expressive power of the class of neural networks studied. In the experiments, the datasets from the UCI repo are much smaller than both the sample size and feature dimension. Based on the analysis, the limits on the spectral radius of matrix A increase with the number of hidden units, so this is problematic for high-dimensional data. Is there a way to deal with this issue? This will greatly restrict the application of this method for a large proportion of applications. It seems that the optimal condition is not guaranteed by any parameter setting that is potentially used in the neural networks studied. Although the state can be checked without running the neural network, it is still problematic if we do not have any prior or possible parameters that are extremely large. A fast approach to obtaining a potentially small set of valid candidates? Does the optimal property of the studied model come from a specific objective function? It is interesting to see if Stochastic gradient descent can also converge to empirical global optimization on some tested datasets.