This paper presents a promising theory that can achieve a global optimum in a specific class of neural networks with a linear convergence rate. The main obstacle is that all input data and the weights of the linear layer are positive, and the activation functions are generalized polynomials. The proposed theory has been proven for neural networks with a single hidden layer and later extended for networks with multiple hidden layers. The authors also proposed an optimization algorithm based on a non-linear spectral method. Experiments show that the proposed algorithm works quite well on a small 2D synthetic dataset, and it achieves reasonable performance on some small real-world datasets (UCI dataset).

Pros: As the authors claim, this is the first work to propose a potentially practical neural function with optimal guarantee and convergence guarantee. Previous works with convergence guarantee require a complex method to check its prerequisites, some of which are impossible to check in practice, as they depend on data-generating measures. The theory proposed in this work has comparatively simple prerequisites that depend only on the spectral radius of a non-negative matrix composed of the network's parameters. The authors also demonstrated that the proposed theory can be applied to networks of arbitrary depth and show a reasonable result on small real datasets.

Cons: The proposed network still has limited applications. The theory requires both the input data and the network parameters to be positive, the activation functions to be generalized polynomials, and the spectral radius ( Theorem 1) to be less than 1. I think that non-positive constraints on the input data should not block too much potential use, as most training data can be easily shifted to all being positive. However, the positive nature of the network parameters can limit the model's expressiveness. Furthermore, all activation functions of all hidden layers being different is unnatural and can also limit its application. Finally, the authors stated that to meet the spectral radius constraints, they need to increase p1 and p2 and decrease pw and pu, which effectively reduces the weight of the linear units. And if I understand correctly, to meet the spectral radius constraints, the more the dimension of the input and network parameters, the less the weight of the linear units. Since when the linear weight is very small, the activation functions will act almost like a linear function. In that case, adding more layers will only add another linear function, which will not increase the network's expressiveness. Thus, I am a little concerned that it may not be easy to extend this method to deeper architectures. Despite all these concerns, it is still an encouraging result as an initial attempt, and I think this paper should be accepted.

Minor Comments: I am curious how p1, p2, pw, pu, the dimension of the input, and the size of the network parameters affect the spectral radius rho (A). For example, when the dimension of the input increases, does rho (A) increase linearly or exponentially, and to counter that effect, should we decrease pw and pu linearly or exponentially? I know it may not be easy to prove, but it may be possible to empirically plot that relationship on a synthetic data.