The author proposes a method to improve the mixing rate of Gibbs sampling in the Ising model, where the model's original parameterization is projected onto a new parameter setting that meets the necessary Dobroshkin criterion for fast mixing. They formulate the projection as a constrained optimization problem, where constraints are required to ensure that the new parameterization is defined at the same location as the original parameter, and examine this projection under several distance/divergence measures.

In my opinion, methods that combine principles from stochastic and deterministic estimation are a less explored area, and as a result, I think it's an interesting idea. While the idea of increasing the original parameter to improve mixing time is straightforward, I found the description of the duality of the projection problem to be a bit unclear – for example, how the zij*dij = 0 constraints ensure that the new parameterization is at the same location (couldn't it be at a slightly different location)? I was also uncertain about the overall process – do you perform projected gradient operations and then run a Gibbs sampler, or do you somehow interweave sampling with gradient updates? An algorithm description would help clarify the box. Furthermore, is the proposed projected gradient descent strategy guaranteed to converge?

I also found the experiments to be a bit unreliable. In the first set of experiments, why was the Gibbs sampler run for 30K iterations? Since you are comparing a sampling method to deterministic methods, a comparison based on time would seem more appropriate. Also, where are the error bars on these charts – the reader cannot tell whether these results are significant or not. The second set of results compares the original/naive Gibbs sampler with the Gibbs sampler under different projections and shows that the projection leads to faster mixing. However, performing the projection operation takes time and is not accounted for in this comparison (for example, if the projection takes 1 minute, and the naive Gibbs sampler can generate 10k samples in that time, then the projection may not be meaningful). Finally, why was there no comparison with the blocked Gibbs sampler or Gogate's "lifted Gibbs sampler"?

Overall, a very good idea. However, the development of the projection problem and the proposed method may require some work, and a stronger set of experiments is needed to convince me of the usefulness of the method.