The success of estimating using Gibbs sampling in MRF (here, with only two labels, i.e., the Essing model) depends strongly on the mixing rate of the underlying Monte Carlo Markov chain. The paper suggests the following approach for estimation:

1) Project the input model (which is likely not rapidly mixed) onto a set of models that are rapidly mixed.
2) Estimate on the obtained model that is rapidly mixed.

The location of rapidly mixed models is defined by binding the spectral norm of the matrix of absolute values of the Essing edge strength. The "projection" is defined by the deviation of the Gibbs distribution. This is forced to preserve the graph structure. Projection into Euclidean distance is obtained by repeating the initial task and using LBFGS-B. For other deviations (KL, piecewise KL, and reverse KL deviations are applied), the projected gradient algorithm is used. In reverse KL deviation, Gibbs sampling (but on a rapidly mixed model) must be performed to calculate the projection.

Extensive experiments are presented on small random models that compare the estimated limits to the actual limits. The methods tested are Gibbs sampling on a proposed (with all the above deviations) and the LBP, TRW, MF, and the original model. Not only accuracy but also a runtime-vs-accuracy evaluation is performed. Experiments show that the proposed methods consistently outperform TRW, MF, and LBP in accuracy, and Gibbs sampling on the original model for a reasonable range of runtime. Among the proposed methods, the method with reverse KL deviation consistently performs best.

Notes:

Section 5.1 N factor to the projected gradient algorithm has two nested loops, the inner loop is LBFGS-B. Please provide details on when the inner iterations are stopped.

It is not clear what the horizontal axis in the plot in Figure 2 (and supplementary) means. It is titled "Number of samples" but sampling is only used for reverse KL deviation. I believe the horizontal axis should be the algorithm's runtime. Similarly, why shouldn't the runtime of LBP, TRW, and MF be stated? This will ensure a fair accuracy-to-runtime comparison of all the tested algorithms. Please clarify this issue – it is difficult to interpret the experiments without it. Give the absolute running time in seconds. Please consider experimental comparisons with larger models. An interesting alternative is to use models from the paper [Boris Flach: A class of random regions on a complete graph with a differentiable partition function, appearing in TPAMI, available online].

222: "Tree on" should be replaced with "Graph on".
226: Shouldn't we say "sub-gradient" instead of "derived"? Interesting paper, solid empirical results. Although practical utility may be limited due to high runtime (this needs clarification in the rebuttal).